Hello and welcome everyone to our webinar today for eScribe 6.
Today we're going to be talking through some product updates and information and really
focusing on a demo of documents and approvals.
So let's go ahead and get started.
So just wanted to post this in here so everyone knew that we had another upcoming session
on September 26th and we'll be talking through enhancing public meetings, practical tips
and strategies for clerks.
So we'll make sure to include that in our follow up email.
We've also added in this disclaimer really just calling out that these sessions are
meant for us to inform you and we just really hope that any information that's presented
that you guys feel comfortable following up with us and keeping it between this group.
So let's get started. So let's meet your speaker.
So for today we have Taylor, Kelsey, Geeta and then myself, Megan, who's here to moderate
this conversation.
Some quick housekeeping, all participants are automatically muted.
Please submit your questions in the Q&A section.
As always, we'll do our best to answer as many questions as we can during this session.
We may not get to all, but we'll make sure your CSM follows up with you.
And today's recording will be shared via email and then also posted in the community
portal. And then please take time to complete our post webinar survey that will pop up at
the end. Your feedback, as always, is very important to us.
And then our special note, just a reminder, these webinars are not meant to be training
sessions, just meant to be informative sessions.
So for today's agenda, we're going to do a reminder of what is eScribe 6 as we have been
doing a quick recap of the August webinar.
Have an update from product.
We have a few poll questions today and then we're going to dive into a demo of documents and
approvals with hopefully leaving some time at the end for Q&A.
So what is eScribe 6?
eScribe 6 is an improved version of eScribe that is faster, more user friendly and
modernized. Really leaning into why eScribe 6, we heard your feedback, wanting fewer
bugs, more feature improvements, releases, improved speed performance and usability.
Really just reiterating this, that things will be ever evolving as it relates to 6.
So we'll do our best to keep you in the loop.
And our quick recap of our August 21st webinar, that was a focused demo of tasks and
reporting. In that session, our product team gave us an update on the state of the product
for eScribe 6, a state of upgrades as it relates to eScribe 6.
And then we shared the eScribe 6 roadmap, looking at our now, next and upcoming items.
Again, we gave that demo of tasks and reporting.
Again, thank you all for submitting your questions and recommendations during this
webinar. We're hoping to put those into practice.
And then again, you can always view all webinar recordings in the community portal.
Now, after I take a breath, I will pass it to Taylor to give us an update for product.
Awesome. Thanks, Megan.
So a little bit about the state of the product.
I know we shared last month that we were making some additional investments in eScribe 6
to really expedite our development efforts and some of our roadmap items.
So I'm just going to start with that topic specifically.
So we've actually added a specialized development team.
Their goal is to help fast track some of those high value roadmap items, some of the
ones we shared on last month's webinar.
The team just began work this month.
Once they kind of get ramped up over the next couple of weeks, we're really hoping they
can start accelerating some of our progress on some of these items.
The first one the team is working on is going to be graphical vote display and some
updates on some custom configurations to how your voting screen looks with different
images, configurations and setups.
So as we make progress on that first kind of roadmap feature that would be that's being
fast tracked, we'll come back in future webinars to actually give you a demo of how
it looks and we'll continue to do that with other features as they're developed by that
team. On the eScribe 6 progress front, we have our first set of new customers coming
live on the platform this month in October.
So based off of their feedback, we'll obviously help decide some further direction on
what we're going to focus on on eScribe 6.
You know, the one other piece that I'll mention too is we're not making any sort of
upgrades to any customers at this time from five.
So go to the next slide, Megan.
So just as a quick reminder, right, we covered this on last month's webinar.
But from a state of the upgrade perspective, we're not making any upgrades this year at
this time. Our mantra has always been that eScribe 5 works perfect.
It does no harm. We're not going to basically force you into a product that you're
not ready for. So we're going to continue to obviously keep this group up to date on
where we are with the upgrades.
Internally on the eScribe 6 side, we're going to be doing some additional testing on the
upgrades with existing customers to make sure that obviously the upgrades will work
properly with data that we're moving and how eScribe 5 currently functions for different
customers. So just as a little reminder, right, we're not going to start any upgrades this
year whatsoever. We covered that on last month's webinar.
We're obviously committed to making sure that your upgrade experience is as seamless as
possible. So and as I mentioned, we'll keep you up to date in future webinars this year on
where we stand with the actual with the upgrade timelines too.
So any additional questions, feel free to reach out to your CSM if you have any specific
upgrade related questions or anything related to any timeline concerns on the actual
upgrades, feel free to reach out to your CSM.
Awesome. I'll pass it back to Megan.
Thanks, Taylor. So we have two poll questions today that will kind of help us guide our
demos. So for the first question, on average, how many users typically work on a document at
the same time? So if you guys want to take a quick second, submit that information.
OK, thank you all. OK, that's great information.
So our biggest area is two to three. Thank you guys for submitting that.
And then I'll go ahead and click us to the next question.
How does your organization typically approve a report or document in eScribe?
And thank you, as always, for your participation in these.
They do help us kind of guide these sessions and future sessions.
So thank you.
OK, so through workflow.
OK, good information to know.
Thank you all for participating.
And with that, I will go ahead and pass it to Kelsey to stop screen sharing.
There we go. Excuse me.
There we go. Thanks, Megan.
Sorry, Kelsey, I was looking for my stop screen share button.
That's OK. Thanks.
I'm just going to walk through some of the documents pieces here.
I'm going to take you through the templates and the settings area, and then Gita will
cover the rest of the documents list.
So here I'm logged in as a super admin so I can see just about everything.
And I'm going to navigate over to my menu and hit the document template area.
This is where all of your Microsoft Word document templates would be hosted.
And you can see here easily create a new template by uploading your document from your
computer into the system and you can name that.
We also kept the settings where you can restrict those templates to a certain meeting
type. So not every meeting type will be able to use the same document template over and
over again. And you can also do the same for your departments, just making it easier to
filter through and less of a time waster there trying to figure out who can use what.
So you can see there that you can do the multi select.
And if I want to get rid of some, you can easily just click that X to do that.
And I'll just cancel out of this screen and you can easily edit a template or even
deactivate a template. So that's not even an option for your contributors or your
admins when you're setting up documents or you can edit it.
And you'll see it's the same screen as that create template area where you can easily
remove that template that's already in the system or you can replace it by uploading
something from your computer.
So I'll close out of there. It's a pretty simple page, and I'm going to go over to my
document settings, document settings, host the universal document settings and even
some approval settings. So there's three sections here to run through document
settings, approval settings and then document numbering, since it's a bit larger, has
its own section. If I go to edit the document settings, you can see here the first
one is allowed documents to be uploaded.
This just means if I turn this off, you wouldn't be allowed to upload documents into
that documents list. You'd have to create them right from the scribe.
So I'll leave that on. And same with the meeting date as required, you wouldn't be
able to create a document without filling out that meeting date first.
Confidential reasons, you can add as many as you like by putting a reason in here.
Testing out and just add the reason.
And when you have a closed session document, you can choose any of these
reasonings here so that you can say why that document is a confidential document.
And the last, second last part here is the approval settings.
You can change these settings per approval as well.
So this is just a universal area for these settings.
So set the pending approval document as read only.
That means that any document that's in draft will be read only, so no one will be
able to edit it except for that super admin setting the approved document as read
only. Again, any document that's been approved in the system would be read only.
Nobody can touch it except for certain users like the super admin and then
including that signature page.
Again, you can choose this per approval and that's when the document has been
approved. It's run through a workflow and that signature page is added to the very
end of that document with signatures.
And the I believe it's the times that the users have approved that document.
And late items and mid-approval late items, they're pretty similar.
So there's three options there for allow the late items to be submitted, which
means that even if they are late, they're allowed to be run through an approval.
If I don't allow that, it means that the deadline has passed and I'm not allowed to
start an approval whatsoever.
So I'd have to go and change my meeting date and the required exception approval
is basically it's allowed, but it has to be run through a special exception
workflow first and then it can run through its regular workflow.
Very similar idea here for the mid-approval late items, allow, cancel and
require. Allow means that it wouldn't matter.
It's allowed. Cancel approval request would be that approval workflow is
basically canceled on the spot and it'd have to be set up and run through a new
one. And the require exception approval would be again, it would have to run
through an exception approval in the middle of your normal approval and then
go back to that normal approval.
I'll just close out of there.
And the last spot to cover is the document numbering.
So you can enable document numbering for your whole system right here at this
toggle. You can also configure the sequence number by clicking in here.
And there's three categories here, the sequencing category, which I can choose
department name, the branch, meeting type, meeting year, the month and the
current year. You can choose another additional sequencing category.
Same idea with the same options there.
And you can also choose how many digits you want that number to be, if you want
it to be one, two, up to nine digits there.
I'll just cancel out of that.
We also have the option for you to append that document number to the document
name and an area for you to edit that numbering format where you can choose the
sequencing number and also enter any other variables that you'd like selected.
At the bottom here, the sequence number allows you to see what the count is for
the different meeting types when you assign that document number out.
And let's say a new year starts and you want to you have maybe the year as part
of your document number, but you want to reset the number.
You can also come here and reset that back to one so that you have a new year
and a new set of numbers for your documents.
And with that, I'll pass it over to Geeta and she'll take you to the documents list.
Oh, you're just on mute, Geeta.
Hello, everyone. Nice to meet you guys all again.
I am your customer education specialist at eScribe.
So you've probably met me either in a workshop or you've heard my voice
through the eScribe Academy.
What I'm going to do now is I'm going to show you the documents portion
in version five to eScribe five today.
We refer to it often as the report manager module.
We've changed the wording slightly for eScribe six
and we'll refer to it as the document manager.
Same idea, we're just trying to work away from the word report
and change it to become documents as it's a little more of a universal label.
Now, on the left hand side in the navigation, very much the same
as you see it today in eScribe five, we have a documents list.
The good change with the screen you can see up here is that we've made it
very clear now that you can see easily which items are in the draft mode
and which ones are approved.
If you can think back to your eScribe five platform today,
we have them in separate spots.
Here we put them together in the same screen.
So less confusion about what is in progress or what's the difference
between the menu options.
Now, the view you see here on my screen as an administrator
is exactly the same as your staff will see when they log in
to write a report through eScribe as well.
They have the same draft tab and they have the same proof tab.
So it's very clear to see what is in what state and where it's assigned.
One side note I did want to mention, and I used to get this question
a lot in training is, can we change the word rejected
because we thought it wasn't as nice?
So some of the status labels have changed and you'll see the words become declined
instead of rejected throughout this portion of the document center.
Now, I'm going to start over to the right hand side just quickly,
and you'll see there's a new document button, same as we have today.
It's replacing the plus icon.
Now, within eScribe six, there's actually three ways,
depending on how you would like to configure your instance of eScribe
to allow staff to submit a document to you.
You can choose the create document option, which is using an approved template,
which is tagged to extract the title, the description,
your recommendation, meeting dates, meeting types and sponsors.
So that's that's all new.
Then we have the upload function that Kelsey mentioned.
Works exactly the same.
The difference is it allows you to take a document
already created outside of eScribe and bring it into eScribe.
And we will still manage the tagging for that.
So it will still extract your titles, the description,
recommendation, all the content that you need.
And then one more section I just want to mention really quick
is over to the left as admins where we have agenda items in the toolbar.
This will locate this will show you all of the requests
that have been made by staff.
So anyone who wishes to request an item appear on the agenda,
but it's not tied to a document template per se
or a drafted document outside of the system.
So just give you a little bit of recap on those three ways.
Now, you'll see on my draft tab, I have a list of documents already created here.
And I'm going to go over to the far right hand menu.
And we call this your options menu with the three dots.
And this shows you all of the functionality available as an admin today
when you're drafting your document.
You can open it in Word the same as we do today.
You can change the properties of that document today.
You can move your document from a draft state
or an override to an approval request.
You can approve the document automatically as an admin.
You can see the approval history,
share the documents with other users and other departments.
Version history has stayed the same.
One that's slightly changed is the copy link feature.
If any of you have used it today, right now, the copy feature allows you
to send an email to other users,
letting them know that they have access to the document in eScribe.
Here, we've changed it.
So it's just a regular link that you can copy, paste.
You can share it in email and a Teams chat just to make it a little easier.
We've kept the functionality of duplicating a document.
That's not changed.
And then deleting a document.
On the approve tab, you'll see here we have our document that's completed.
And we also have the same options menu.
What differs slightly in the approve tab is we're giving you the option
to move that document back to draft for any reason.
So if something has changed and it doesn't necessarily go back
through an approval request, you have the option as an admin to move it back to draft.
Now, I'm going to take a document I already have open
and I want to walk you through what has changed.
So you probably heard me mention content tags
and titles and descriptions and recommendations.
With eScribe 6, when a report is drafted,
the fields that your staff will fill in
which are meeting types, meeting dates, departments, perhaps a sponsor.
We're going to bring those into the documents when you are rolled into version six.
So it's one or two or three less fields that your staff will have to retype
if the template is going to extract that content.
Hey, Geeta, sorry to interrupt you.
Are you wanting to share the Word document or?
OK, you're sharing the eScribe page right now.
Don't worry, it didn't take it. Just one second.
No, you're fine. Just wanted to let you know.
So we didn't have confusion.
No, that's OK. Sorry.
It just didn't register. How about now?
Yeah, perfect. Yeah.
OK, sorry about that. So there's my Word document.
It's very similar to ones that you guys have seen before.
The difference is we've introduced different title tags to or title tag
will come over, a title in French would be extracted.
Now, what's going to happen slightly is that there are some fields
that will come from eScribe into the Word document.
And those are going to be those popular ones that we get asked a lot.
So meeting type, department, meeting date, sponsor.
But from the Word document itself, we're still going to send over the title,
whether it's English or French.
We'll still bring over the description for you if it populates on the agenda
and as well as the motion in English and French.
And then for those customers that have document numbering
or what we refer today as automatic report numbering,
that can also be pulled from eScribe into the Word document automatically.
So we're changing slightly how the tags are used.
We won't be supporting a functionality called Quick Parts,
but tags would be built into your templates using the developer tab
by inserting rich text control boxes.
And all of this training we will provide to you when you're ready for training,
whether it's through myself or Viola or through the eScribe Academy,
we'll make sure that you're covered with how to complete all of these steps
on your own.
And then down here at the bottom, here's the meeting date value.
So you can see I didn't type it in, we brought it over.
Meeting type, same, didn't type that.
And the department.
Now, one thing I didn't want to mention is if within eScribe,
the actual document properties change, it will also change in the Word document.
So there's nothing that staff will have to do twice or refresh.
We will take care of making sure that the data feeds
from your eScribe report properties back into the Word document as it's changed.
One of that last thing I want to mention,
when it comes to collaboration within the Word document,
that is a supported function.
So based on the poll today that you had entered,
we can see there's generally two to three people who would collaborate on a document,
whether that's track changes, commenting or actual collaboration
that is still supported in the sense that if we have two people
making edits together and we save the document,
it will let us know that there is another user who is working with us
and what those changes are within the document.
That ensures that the changes are made in real time
and anyone that has access to that can always go back to look at that
through the version history.
Now, the only one thing that I didn't mention just briefly here
is for anyone that chooses to use a signature page,
we would still, we still support that with eScribe 6,
a signature page is appended at the end of your document
and it would show you who has signed off on the document itself.
So if you opt to show a digital signature
and their name on the signature page as well,
and that would be carried into your agenda package as it is today.
All right, Megan, are there any questions here before I take them back to you?
We had one question.
So if you want to answer this, Geeta or Kelsey,
if you want to jump in, that's fine too.
So the question came from Leslie asking for the upload document option.
Does this integrate with a user's local document management system,
local document management system, i.e. SharePoint, OpenText, E-Docs?
Based on what I'm seeing here today, this, when I did upload document,
this took me right back to my drive on my desktop.
OK, so the next, the follow up question was,
if so, does it maintain a link to that document in the document manager?
i.e. changes made to the doc in eScribe are applied to the doc.
Correct. That's right.
So if I selected upload document and I picked a document from my desktop,
it builds it exactly the same.
The only difference is it's not asking us for a template.
We're just uploading an approved document.
And it keeps all of the same characteristics
had I drafted it using an approved template.
So all of the properties are the same.
The characteristics would be the same.
It's just a different way of loading your document into eScribe.
OK, Leslie, let us know if we didn't answer your question or if we did.
And we can try to rephrase it a little bit if need be.
And then there was one more that came in, Geeta.
Leslie said, all good. So perfect. Thank you, Geeta.
And then the other question that came in is,
how is best to view all documents going to one meeting
if some are approved and some are in draft?
OK, at the top of the documents list, you have a draft tab
and then there's a filter drop down.
So you can choose by meeting type,
meeting date, the deadline and the approval status.
So that same filter is there on the approved tab as well,
except this time it's meeting type and meeting date.
OK. You know, for that one, could you also use the forecast report
and then just filter the meeting date to see all documents
going into that meeting? We could.
That would be all that's right.
Versus just a specific status versus reports.
The question, the follow up question came.
So then they show on two tabs instead of just one.
I'm guessing the question is for if it's like if some are in draft
and if some are in approved. Correct.
You're going to have two separate tabs. OK.
Our approval status there only has draft in progress,
pending exception, declined in Kansas.
OK. And then we had one more come in really fast.
Do the filters stick even when you log out like they do now?
That's a good question. Kelsey, do you know that one?
I may have to go check that one.
Give me one moment. I believe they do.
Good question.
OK, I have one last thing I just want to show.
I just showed you very briefly, but let's take an approved report
that's on the approved tab.
So we'll take our financial considerations report
and using the options menu now, you'll see there's two options
we've introduced.
One is called attached to new agenda item.
It's the same functionality as it is today with the Ascribe Five.
We've changed the label.
And instead of it being called create agenda item,
we've called it attached to agenda item.
Works exactly the same.
It will extract your title, your descriptions, your sponsors
and any supporting documents and create that item on the agenda.
The other one, just to clarify, the wording is called attached
to agenda item very much the same as we have today, where we attach it
to an agenda item that already exists within the meeting.
So we're not asking for the name of the document.
We're just simply asking you where would you like it to go?
And then it will carry over any supporting documents
plus the report itself.
OK, anything else, Gita, that I think that's enough.
OK, well, yeah, I know.
Thank you. And thank you for everyone for submitting questions.
And thank you both for answering.
I just really fast before I know we're getting close to time.
But if anybody has any other questions, please go ahead
and put those in the Q&A.
Even if we aren't able to answer them in the next few minutes,
like I said, we'll make sure your CSM follows up with you.
But we did have a few more come in.
So really fast, Kelsey did reply and said, yes, the filter stick,
even when you log out like they do now.
So just wanted to let everyone know the answer to that.
Thank you, Kelsey.
And then we had two more questions come in that I think we have time
to potentially answer both, and then we'll go ahead and wrap up for today.
So a question that came in was, can you show
how report numbers would be assigned? Sure.
Can they be assigned by department or would it just be one numbering list
for the whole organization?
OK, so very good question.
So you have options now with eScribe6.
You can choose to create a global counter, which would be your year
and then your sequence where some reports can have a number assigned.
So let me show you that here.
So in the creating of a new document,
click to assign is not a required field, as it is today in eScribe6.
So for those reports that don't necessarily need a number,
you can still create the report as normal,
but it'll only be assigned where you need it to be assigned.
Now, for the document settings piece here on the left,
we go to document settings under document numbering.
We can configure with you how you want your sequence to be laid out.
So if you wanted it to be done instead of a meeting year,
you can choose the department name.
So department name, perhaps the year is very common.
And then the number of digits that make up that sequence.
So, for example, if it's finance, 2024,
0004, that's a copy of an automatic document numbering.
If you choose to do something that's a global sequence
where it automatically picks up the next number,
then in this case here, you would have your first sequence as a meeting year,
no middle sequence, and we'll just change maybe that sequencing to three.
So in this case, you would have 2024, 001002 and sequential.
Hopefully that helped and answered the question.
I mean, I think it did. I apologize.
OK, we have one more question and then, like I said, we'll go ahead and wrap it up.
I know we're at time, but the question came in for uploading documents.
Does this mean that in eScribe 6, staff members will not be required
to select and use a preloaded template?
Correct. That's right.
So with the upload function, it's the same thing in eScribe 5.
You don't have to use the approved template.
The request is simply that the template that you do distribute to staff,
we want to make sure that it is the most recent and it is tagged properly as per your setup.
OK, well, hopefully we answered, I think, all the questions that came in via Q&A.
So, again, thank you all for submitting those.
If for some reason you have more questions, feel free to reach out to your CSM.
But thank you all for joining and we will hopefully see you in October.
Have a good rest of your day. Bye bye.
