Hello, everyone. Welcome to our webinar. Let's go ahead and get this kicked off. Before we
really get into things, I want to tell you about this next webinar that's coming up that
you might be interested in. It is called Behind the Scenes with City Clerks, How These Unsung
Heroes Manage It All. It sounds like it's going to be a really inspiring session, so
I encourage you to check it out. All right. I want to take a second to introduce you to our
speakers here today. We have Taylor Bold. He is our Senior Product Manager. We have Kelsey Harlow.
She's also a Senior Product Manager. We have Viola Kajendra Kumar. She's our Customer Education
Specialist. And my name is Michelle Enfield. I'm the Manager of Product Marketing, and I'm
going to be moderating the session. Okay, so I want to go over some housekeeping notes real fast.
All participants are going to be automatically muted. If you have any questions, please put them
into the Q&A section. We're going to do our best to answer as many questions as we can, but if we
don't get to yours, don't fret. Your CSM will get back to you as soon as they can. We're going to
be recording the session, and we'll share it by email, and we'll also post it to the community
portal. And then at the very end, if you have a chance to submit that post webinar survey,
we'd really appreciate it. We'd really love to hear your feedback. And as a matter of fact,
one of the things that we've heard from this group so far is how much you let the demo portion of
things. So that's part of why we're trying to incorporate demos into these as much as possible.
And then I do also want to call out that these webinars are not intended to be training sessions,
but you should think of them as bite-sized info sessions that are meant to give you a high-level
glimpse of what eScribe 6 will look like. Okay, so here's a quick look at today's agenda. We're
going to talk about what is eScribe 6, do a quick review for anyone who's missed it,
and then we'll do a quick recap of the June webinar. We'll have a quick update from product,
we'll do a polling question, and then we'll go into the demo, and then finally we'll do a Q&A.
All right, so what is eScribe 6? Really, eScribe 6 is an improved version of eScribe. It's designed
to be faster, more user-friendly, and modernized. It is our goal to provide the most advanced and
easy-to-use public meeting management solution in the industry. So why do we build eScribe 6?
Well, first, we heard your feedback. You asked for fewer bugs and more feature improvements,
and more feature improvements, better speed, performance, and usability.
eScribe 6 will help you be more efficient, and it's going to be easier to use,
and it's going to feel so much more modern. But do keep in mind that things are definitely
going to continue to evolve as it relates to eScribe 6, and we will keep you informed
as we move forward. And a quick recap of the last webinar in June. In that session,
we shared more detail and did a demo of how document collaboration works, and we also did
a demo that showcased the admin and participant experience. If you missed the session and you're
curious about it, you can find it in the customer community portal. And then we also shared out a
one-pager that explains how document collaboration works in more detail. Okay, next, I'd love to hand
it over to Taylor from Product. He's brand new on the team, and I'd love to give him a chance to
introduce himself and say hello. So, Taylor, you want to take it away? Yep, I'll take it away.
Hello, everyone. Taylor Bold, the newest new product manager working on eScribe. As you can
see, I'm a new addition to the team. One thing you'll definitely be hearing and seeing is I'm
going to be spending more time interacting with everyone watching the webinar, those that are
listening to the recap afterwards. I'll definitely be engaging more, understanding your current
customer experience, your workflows, challenges, what goes well, what you want to see improved.
So that's one aspect you'll definitely be seeing more of for me. Additionally, I will be joining
this webinar to provide regular updates related to the product developments on eScribe 6,
and that also includes our eScribe 6 roadmap, too. So all of the things that we're working on
right now, things that are going to come next, and things that we're planning out for the future
as it relates to eScribe 6, you'll be getting those regular updates from me. So I'm very
customer-centric. I'm very excited to be here. You'll see me drinking coffee almost every single
day. I need at least two to three cups a day. That's a fun fact about myself. But that's just
a little bit about myself. You'll be hearing more from me, both on the eScribe 6 product,
the product roadmap, and you'll definitely be hearing from me to get feedback on your experience.
And I'm going to pass it back to Michelle. Awesome. Thank you so much, Taylor. We're so
glad you're on the team and can't wait to see the impact that you make. Okay, so time for a
quick poll question. We are curious, what is your favorite way to get eScribe updates? There are a
few options you can choose from. Possible answers are email, webinars, monthly newsletters, community
portal, directly through customer support, and my friend who also has eScribe. So if you could just
take a quick second and fill that out. We'd love to see how you feel about this. So just take a
second, and then Lori will show the outcome in a second here. All right. Oh, so we have a clear
winner. We have email at 52%, webinars at 30%, and yeah, monthly newsletter 9%, customer portal
is 6% directly to customer support, 1%, and my friend who also has eScribe, 1%. That's awesome.
I'm also like a big get update through email type of person, but it does warm my heart to see so
many of you chose webinars because it's my hope that we're making an impact in a positive way
with these. So hopefully we're on the right path there. Okay. Let me get back to this real fast.
Okay. Next, we're going to move into the demo portion of things. So I'm going to stop sharing
my screen, and I'm going to let Viola take it away. Hi, everyone. Thank you for joining
our webinar today, and I definitely will start off with our demo portion. So let me go ahead
and share my screen, and then we could take a look at this together.
Okay. So with eScribe version 6, welcome to this little portion here. I'm going to go ahead and
start with some navigation pieces and then dive into further of the fields you may be seeing when
you're working with meeting templates. So starting from the top here, whenever you do have your
meeting templates, you're going to see them displayed on this left-hand panel here. And
whenever you do click on a meeting template, you're going to see the agenda structure on the
right-hand side. When it comes to creating new particular templates, you can do so by clicking
on new template at the very top here, and then clicking on create template. Once you do, you're
going to get this create meeting template fly out. And then in a couple of moments, I'm going to
actually go through what each of these fields are so that you have a little bit more detail to it.
So for now, I'm going to go ahead and close out of here. And then I'm also going to touch base on
the best practices we're going to be recommending when it comes to creating new templates.
So when it comes to creating new templates, the best practice we're going to be recommending
is going to be duplicating or copying an existing template that is here. So to do that, you're able
to click on the options menu for that existing template. And then there is an option here called
duplicate. When you click on here, you're going to see this particular fly out. And then you're
going to see multiple fields that have already been filled out. But definitely in a couple
moments, I'm going to talk about what these particular fields are. So for now, I'm just
going to go ahead and cancel out of this and talk to you more about other navigation pieces.
So when it comes to meeting template, there also is a thought about how we could add agenda items
to the structure. To add a brand new agenda item, all you would need to do is you're going to see
there's an add item related option on the top right hand corner. When you click on here, you're
going to get the add agenda item fly out, where you're going to see very similar fields you've
seen before. So things like title, description, parents and place item after to explore orientation
purposes. And then you will also see options of being able to add default minutes and default
motions. So you're able to insert those into your agenda item. And then you'll see other additional
settings for the item, including adding the special action and other settings below that you've seen
in version five two. Away from all this, then when you fill all these fields, you're able to go ahead
and click on add to then add the item into the structure. So for now, I'm just going to go close
out of here. And when it comes to the time where you do add more agenda items into the structure,
you can definitely make edits and adjustments to it by clicking on the options menu or this little
candy kebab icon here. And then you'll get the edit item option here to give you the exact same
fly out as before, where you are able to go ahead and make those adjustments as needed and you're
able to save it in place too. So now with this being said, other things you can do is if you
click on the options menu as well, you also have the option to delete the item. And then that would
be the general idea of what you would do with the agenda items. Lastly, for this area, another thing
you would consider would be the ordering. So if you do see that your order is incorrect and you
want to make an adjustment to it, you do have the reorder option. When you click on reorder,
you're going to see these grab little icons. They look like candy bars to me. So what you can then
do is if you click on when you click on that particular icon and drop and drag it to the
right positioning here, you're able to just confirm that the order is correct. And then you
could click on save to save that particular order in place. So for now, I'm just going to go ahead
and cancel this so that we can go back to this order. Away from this little area here for our
agenda structure, other things you may want to be considering is going to be how you would
manage those particular templates. So especially for those who are going to be creating multiple
templates, or maybe over time, you're creating like some test ones to get adjusted to, there
is going to be a newer feature here for managing those templates, which is located over here in our
options menu. And that particular option is called deactivate. So this particular feature is now a
feature that will move away from that permanent delete option we've seen before. And the purpose
for this is to be able to prevent accidental deletes, give you actually more opportunity to
determine which templates are going to be actively used around eScribe. So meaning for any future
meetings you create, as well as the actually gives you more opportunity to reutilize a media
template in the future. So for example, if you have templates that are more seasonal in nature,
so seasonal committees, or maybe if you had a dedicated meeting template for trading only.
So what this will do is it will add a status to it, so become a deactivated template,
and then that won't be utilized as an option around eScribe, including creating a meeting.
Away from this one last little thing I want to remind everyone on is the option about sync
profile. So when it comes to updating meeting templates, we you do not have to click on the
sync profile option anymore. So what this means ultimately is when you create an update for the
template, all you would have to do is go into your existing meeting, prepare or reprepare the
agenda or post minutes package to then see that change that you've made. So now you can save that
one step in between. So that is something we're very proud to say that we have done here.
Now that we talked about a little bit of navigation and those kinds of housekeeping items,
let's go and talk about the fields that you have when it comes to meeting template.
So if I went ahead here and click on the options menu and then click on duplicate,
from the very top here, just to give you some ideas, you're going to see similar fields that
you've seen before, including the template name, the meeting identifier, being able to select the
option of copying the initial agenda structure. And then if I scroll down a little bit, you're
going to see a permission section. So this permission section was created with the idea
of being able to actually streamline the type of permissions you want eScribe users to have. So
let's say if you had multiple administrators, you could actually utilize this permission section to
be able to say that this administrator should be able to create or modify the meeting template,
while other administrators maybe should manage the task. So this is really just to streamline
and prevent confusion. With that being said, I'm going to scroll down a little bit more and then
we're going to have a meeting section. Over here from the top, you're going to see there's
an agenda, title, and numbering style. So this is similar to what you see in version five, where
you're able to identify if you want letter, numbering, or none as your setup for level one,
level two, and level three items. And you also have the option of being able to bold or underline
them as well. Also, you will have the option of being able to hide the parent number. And then
additionally here, you're going to have extra meeting settings as well you can work with.
So if I go ahead and click on configure meeting settings, you're going to get this brand new kind
of paneling here. So instead of that accordion style that you've seen before, you're able to
see all the additional settings at the very top here in these individual tabs. So if I, for example,
if I'm in the general tab, you're able to set up what percentage you want for quorum, the submission
related deadline and reminders for document manager or report manager. And if I went to other
particular tabs like the motion tab here, you're able to change your labels for your results for
motions. If I went to voting, you'll be able to change like the results for your particular
voting results. If I go to speakers list, you're able to enable speakers list and also identify
who it's available to and when participants can submit their particular request. And then if I
went into the public display, this particular tab is a little bit different than what you've seen
before. So when it comes to public display, and you're in a meeting, you have the option of being
able to switch between the agenda view and the logo view during that exact meeting. With version
six, you will be able to now decide on that particular view setup from the meeting temple
level. So let's say for example, you wanted to have logo view, but over time, you want to switch
this over to agenda view. If you want to make that change, you would have to go to this area
here of your particular meeting template for that to be applied to your meetings. So that is one
change we have done in here. Otherwise, on this particular page, you're able to go ahead and make
adjustments to how you would want your public display to show. The last little two tabs here
are going to be for your participant and visitor. So this is just really allowing you to say what
exactly should participants see when they log in to eScribe and what visitors should see when they
log into eScribe. So if you have those particular user roles assigned to those individuals,
this is where that setting is going to come from what they should see. All in all, when you do
work with this particular tab, just make sure you click on save changes and save that in place.
And then from there, you're able to take a look into your meeting and see those changes.
For now, I'm going to go ahead and close out of here. And then I will talk about the package
settings. So what package settings very straightforward settings have you seen before
where you have your margins, you have your font sizing, font, page sizing, etc. If I scroll down
a little bit more, you're going to if you're working with the bilingual side of things,
you're able to set if you would want English or French being first. And then you're able to set
your date formatting. The next little thing I want to talk about is going to be logo size and
positioning because the way this is set up is different than what you've seen before.
So before with logo size and position, we had that X and Y coordinate system to be able to
identify where the logo should be placed in our packages. But instead of that, we now have moved
to a percentage system here with the logo width. So what this is, is that 100% is going to represent
the full width of a page. And now you could tell eScribe that we want the logo to take up this
percentage of the page and such like that. So you'd be working around 20 or 25%. But you would
definitely be working with the numbers to make sure the logo is formatted to where you're looking
you would like it to be. Away from this little bit, you're able to go ahead and set what the
alignment is for the logo. So left, right or center are your options. And then you can also
set if you want the logo to be in line with your agenda title. From this, if I just scroll down a
little bit more, you're going to see they're going to have the spacing and indentation options.
So very straightforward, you're able to set these numbers in place to identify how much spacing you
want at the first level, second level, third level items. And then you're also able to set
the indentation for those particular items as well. With all that being said, I will pass it
over to Kelsey to kind of elaborate a little bit more about the agenda and minute package settings
we have. Thanks, Viola. I'm just going to go ahead and share my screen really quick.
Okay, here we go. I'm just going to continue on and build on what Viola was talking about here.
So you can see at the bottom here, you've got two main buttons for your agenda package and your
minute package. And that's going to be the bulk of where those settings are to configure your
agenda and minute package. So on the first tab here, it's the general tab, and we've got lots
of settings for the agenda to configure it exactly how you'd like it. So separate agenda page, that
means that you can have your title appear on a separate page, and then your items will appear on
a page built in that so you can have your title really stand out. You can have page numbers on
your package, you can decide if you'd like the motions to display in that package or not, what
that prefix label would be for your motion. So you can customize that, decide if you'd like
that bold or underlined, and even the motion text style if you'd like that bold. You can decide if
you want to show the mover and seconders within your agenda package, and if there is no mover
and seconder chosen at the time, maybe for your agenda package and not your post agenda package,
if you'd like the blank labels to show, or if you would just like nothing to show if there's
been no mover or seconder selected. You can also choose if you'd like the sponsor, the timer values,
and then you can have a couple of signature lines as well in your agenda package. And you can add
additional documents to the front or the top of your agenda by adding PDFs right here.
These four tabs, the agenda, addendum, revised, and post are all pretty similar. What they do,
they basically feed into the different agendas that we offer, so I'm just going to go over the
agenda tab since they're all similar. So it's really exciting because you can decide what you
want that meeting template's agenda header, title, or footer to be, and then it's going to span across
all of those agendas once you create different meetings within that meeting template.
So you can see here for header, you've got different styling options here. You can type
in whatever text you want, and then when you go to create that meeting, it's going to span across
all of them, like I said. So here on the right hand side, you have insert variable. So instead
of having to manually type in headers and change the date or start time or meeting number, you can
just click to insert a variable here, and you can easily just have that variable change as you work
through your agendas. So now you won't have to make changes for agenda, as I said. So we've got
agenda headers here for the open and closed session, and of course these fields are all
bilingual as well, so you can customize it for your French agendas if you have that.
Scrolling down, we have settings to include that on the first page. If you didn't want that on the
first page of your agenda, you can uncheck that, and if you'd like that all included in your
attachments. I'm just going to skip the title for one second, and it's the same idea for the footer
here. We've got the four variables and then the same two settings. The title is where it really
differs, so I'm just going to use this little button to expand this, and you can see here that
I can make my title exactly how I want it, and I can also have a lot more variables to use.
So you can see I've got meeting start time, the date, the end date, the time. If I have a second
session and I want information about that in my agenda, I can do that. The meeting number, location,
and the attendees variables are all really neat. You can choose if you like your attendees and
your non-voting attendees to show in the list or the paragraph view. So I've got mine all set up
here, and I can show you what it looks like when we're done going through this, but I'm not going
to save that. No changes were made. It's the same idea for your addendum revised and post, like I
said. The one that's really different is resolution packages. So if I click on that tab, same idea
with the header and footers, but the resolutions open and close. You can really make it exactly
what you want it to be by customizing the styling here, or you can also have a lot more variables,
the same as before, but you can also add vote information because every motion will have a
different page. You can decide if you want the agenda item moved by, seconded by, results,
or the motion number on each page of your resolution package that displays a motion.
So that's something new that we've gotten into. I'm just going to close out of the agenda package,
and I'm going to move it to the minutes package here. So these are all settings that really affect
motions, voting, and then your minutes packages. So same idea, the general tab takes up a lot of the
general settings here. So showing the minutes in the same order as the agenda, and you can also
include if you want the agenda items that were not visited throughout that meeting,
if you want the description of the agenda included in the minutes, if you'd like attendance details
shown, tasks, and then a couple of signature lines as well. Moving over to the pre-minutes
and the post-minutes title, same idea as the agenda area, except these will feed into your
pre-minutes packages and then your post-minutes packages. So you've got options for your title
open and closed here. And again, it'll show them bilingual if you have French turned on.
So I'm just going to expand this one open here. Same idea, the variables are a little bit different
for the attendees. So if you click in, you can see there's a lot more options, because you can
say if you'd like people who are present or absent to show within your title. You can also choose if
you'd like the roll call comments as well, and that's the text box that you have at the bottom
of the roll call in your meeting sign. I'm going to skip the post-minutes title, same idea that
just feeds into your post package instead of your pre. And then you have your options for your
header and footer to include on your first page and the same four variables as before.
Motion goes over more motion settings for your package and even your meeting site for some of
them. So if you'd like the motion number shown in your package, what that prefix label is,
any styling, and then the motion number style itself. And scrolling down, I have options for
if I'd like to move in seconded to be showed in my minutes package, those labels, and if I want
them to be bold. And lastly, the consent motion piece, what information I'd like to be pulled
over from my meeting site into my package. The last tab to go over here is the voting tab.
So this decides if I'd like to show the voting type within my minutes package, how I want those
recorded votes to show if I do have a recorded vote. So we still do have table format, that one's
been cleaned up quite a bit. I'm sure people will be happy that that's been done. Paragraph format,
oppose votes only and in favour. You also have the option to choose if you'd like absent voters to
be shown within those results as well. These last few settings here are the results labels.
You can choose to have a label or not where that result shows exactly in that post minutes package,
whether it's right aligned or left, bold or underlined, and then showing that vote count
beside those recorded votes. So I'm going to close out of here. And before I go over to the
meeting site, I'm just going to go to the permissions area really quick because I saw a question there.
To answer your question, permissions are almost the same as before. I think the only things that
we've changed are a couple of naming conventions. So if I click in or I can edit that person's
permissions, if I click in, you'll see that I can type in someone's name here and I've got the same
permissions as what was available in eScribe 5. Just again, the titles are cleaned up on them.
What's neat though is that we heard a lot of feedback on eScribe 5 that you could type
someone's name in, give them permissions and nothing really happened. Well, it depended on
the person's user role of what permissions they could be granted. So if I typed in a participant
into this area here, then no permissions would show up because you can't give them any more
permissions. They'd have to have a user role that would allow them to have the permission.
Same idea if I typed in somebody who was a contributor, they'd only have a few of the
options here. So we really wanted to help people be aware of you need to have a certain user role
in order to gain certain permissions. So we hope that that cleans that up. And I can touch more on
that in the next webinar if people have more questions. So I'm going to close out of here
and go to my meeting for today. And I'm going to go to my post agenda package just by clicking
on packages and going over here to my full package. Viewing that and it opens up in a
new browser. And you can see here I've got my header for my, I believe it was my meeting
number. And then if I scroll down, I've got my page, the variable of, and then my other variable,
so page one of three. And then I've got my logo and my title here with that line underneath.
And I have my agenda starting on a separate page. So you can see that items one and below will start
on a separate page. My variables have all filled in. So I've got my date and my time, my meeting
number, location, and my voting attendees and staff. And you can choose what you want these to
be since you can type into that text box for that title. So I'll go back to my meeting site really
quick and I'll go over to my minutes packages and I'll open up that post minutes package
over here. And it's going to open up in a Word document and you'll see the exact same thing.
My header is up at the top. I'm just going to drag it over once it opens my other screen.
I've got my header up at the top, my title exactly the way that I configured it. I've got my
attendees and my staff present in paragraph format, not list. And I don't have the option
to have it start on a separate page. So you can see my items will start right after that line.
And if I scroll down, I did choose to have my footer appear on my first page as well.
That's it for the demo portion of the webinar. Michelle, I'm going to hand it back to you.
Awesome. Thank you for that, ladies. Really great to see it in motion there. All right. So
we have a few minutes for some questions. Let's start with this first one here.
Taylor, I'm going to give this to you. The question is, when can I expect to be upgraded?
That's a great question, number one. Thank you for whoever did submit that. So as you know,
we're very excited about all the awesome experiences that are built into eScribe 6.
As you can see, there's a lot of advantages. There's new features. There's improved usability,
user experience. At least we were at. So we're currently rolling out eScribe 6 to net new
customers coming onto eScribe. As they're coming on board, as they're going through implementation,
we're collecting their feedback. We're using that to constantly improve the product.
So as for timing, rest assured, we're going to give you ample time to let you know when the
upgrade is actually going to happen and when you're going to be scheduled. But what I will say is,
we're committed to giving you ample amount of time. We're committed to working with you to
finding the right time. We're certainly not going to just spring this on you. We know there's a lot
of other projects that you all have to support throughout your organizations. So at least from
what we can say on our side, we're rolling this out to net new customers. We're collecting the
feedback. We're making the product and the experience better. As you can see that Viola
and Kelsey were showing. So just as a reminder, we're going to give you ample amount of time.
We're going to work with you on the right timing for the upgrades. We're also committed to providing
the necessary resources, the training material, the education, the support on the change management
that you might need throughout your organization. So at least what we can say right now is we're
rolling this out to new customers. We're getting that feedback. We're making the product and the
experience better, as you can see through these webinars. But as I mentioned, we're committed to
giving you as much time as possible and to work with you on the right upgrade schedule for everyone.
Thanks for that, Taylor. It's great to hear all of that. And I do also want to say these are not
training sessions. I know it seems like we're sharing a lot of information, but the idea is
for you just to get a sense of what it's going to be like to sit back and enjoy the show. But that
said, we do have a bunch of questions that were answered in the Q&A. Kelsey and Viola, are there
any in particular that you'd like to highlight and speak to? I think the big one was the
permissions one, which I went over. There is one right now about the terminology changing from
V5 to V6. I think in general, you can expect things to stay pretty much the same. I know that
we used to call reports reports, and now we call them documents. Viola, when you were doing any
training videos or anything like that, was there any big terms that you noticed? I think maybe
agendas would be one, like we call it agenda, an agenda full package versus I think it was
cover sheet in V5. Yeah, exactly. So yeah, some of those terminologies that you highlighted are
changes. And then definitely something that myself and Geeta kind of took into account is that for
any type of terminology change, that's also going to be reflected upon videos, as well as other
training other material, including help articles. So something that we have taken into account is
creating a glossary for those new changes, like those terminology changes. So that could be a
document that you could definitely prefer to if you do feel confused over what exactly has
changed in that regard and what the definition of it is. So we have taken that into account.
Awesome. And then I think this is a good one to maybe point out a little bit more. Will our
templates be transferred to the new eScribe 6 or do we have to start new? Kelsey, would you
like to talk a little bit more about that? Sure. Yes, your meeting templates will transfer over.
So you won't have to build those out from scratch. They'll transfer over and then you'll work with
your customer success manager. If there's any little changes that we've made, maybe something's
been improved or removed, they'll help you navigate that and figure out how to work with that going
forward. That's great. We have a question about doing demos in bilingual view. That is a great
suggestion. We can consider doing that for our next one for sure. So thank you for calling that
out. Let's see here. Steve was asking about what we mean by resolutions package. Viola, you want to
speak to that real fast? Yeah. So resolution packages are a type of package that you can
utilize just to print out only your motion. So some customers, they like to kind of just
have dedicated pages to be able to fill in who the mover, the seconder, and the result is of that
vote. It also gives you some space to like fill in extra information to it. So sometimes like some
customers, they just want to highlight that as a separate documentation. And then from there,
you could decide if you want that to be published on your website or not, or if that's just only
going to be circulated internally. So it is something you could play around with if that's
something you are looking for. That's great. And then let's do this one question to close things
out with. If you have page numbers on your agenda and have an additional addendum agenda
with a report that is being inserted in the middle of an agenda package,
will the page numbers automatically change to include the additional report?
Yeah, so definitely there is a setting in terms of being able to ensure that the page number is
also flowing with attachments as well. So definitely when you play around with meeting templates,
you can also see that kind of setting when you turn that on. And when you do add that attachment,
you'll be able to see that the page numberings are following in that order you're expecting.
That's great. Great. I know that there are a couple of questions. Oh, wait. Kelsey,
there's one that you highlighted really fast. Will the terminology change in version six,
or can we expect the same terms, menu, titles, etc.?
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Not much has changed. Like I said, just maybe we call reports now. We call them
documents, and there's no such thing as an agenda cover page anymore. It's just agenda,
and then your full package is your agenda full package. I do see another question here.
Can we do other webinars for tasks, process, resolution sheets? Yeah, we can definitely do
that. We can add that to the list. And then to answer one other question, no, you can't give
the admin role to someone for a specific meeting only. If you gave them that admin access, they'd
have access to the other meetings within that meeting type. That's awesome. Thank you for all
of that. Great. Well, everyone, we're going to wrap now. But if you do have a chance to do that
post webinar survey, we'd really love it. We love to hear your feedback, and it helps guide us in
the future to make these even better as we go forward. And again, we'll be sending up a follow
up email that'll have a link to this recording so you can refer back to it. And any questions we
didn't get to your CSM, we'll follow up with you directly. All right. Well, thank you so much,
everyone. We appreciate you joining us here today.
