Hello, everyone, and welcome to our session today.
I'm going to give it a few seconds for everyone to join us, and then we'll go ahead and dive
in.
All right, well, welcome, everyone, today to our first session of 2025.
Today we're going to walk through a product showcase where we're really focusing on graphical
votes.
And so I'm going to go ahead and click.
As a reminder, we just have this confidentiality roadmap disclaimer.
Basically what this is saying is that we're excited to share this information with you
guys, but we really just want to kind of keep it in this webinar session, and we're happy
to answer any questions that you guys have related to anything roadmap, product related,
etc.
So as always, we have Taylor Bold, our senior project manager with us.
We have Kelsey Harlow, our other senior project manager with us, and then myself, Megan Snyder,
product marketing manager.
We're excited to walk you guys through everything today, and we'll hopefully answer some of
your questions.
So as a reminder, our housekeeping items, all participants are automatically muted.
Please go ahead and submit your questions in the Q&A section, and we'll do our best
to answer as many of those as we can during the session.
And if for some reason we don't get to it, we'll make sure your CSM follows up with you.
As always, today's recording will be shared via email after the session and also posted
to the eScribe community portal for you to view at your own convenience.
And then we ask that you please take time to complete our post webinar survey.
That pops up at the end.
Now more than ever, your feedback is important to us, so we just appreciate anything you're
willing to share.
And then as a special note, just a reminder, these webinars are not meant to be a training
session.
They're meant to be an informative session to keep you updated on all things eScribe 6.
So for today's agenda, we'll do a quick reminder of what is eScribe 6.
We'll do a quick recap of our November webinar.
We did not have a session in December, so we'll make sure to give an update on what's
happened since then.
We'll have a few poll questions and then we'll hear from Taylor from an update from
product and then Kelsey will walk us through a showcase talking through graphical votes
and then we'll leave space at the end for questions.
So what is eScribe 6?
eScribe 6 is an improved version of eScribe that's faster, more user friendly and modernized.
Basically what we feel like is that you deserve the industry's most advanced, most modern
and easiest to use solution.
So that's what we're working to build.
So why eScribe 6?
We heard your feedback.
You want fewer bugs, more feature improvements, releases, speed, performance, usability.
So eScribe 6 will allow you to do your job faster, have an improved layout and flow and
a modernized appearance.
So as we've said before, things are ever evolving as it relates to eScribe 6.
So these sessions and other sessions will do our best to keep you as informed as possible.
So a quick recap of our November webinar.
In that session, we focused on the contributor experience.
Our product team gave an update on the state of the product.
We had our first set of net new customers go live on eScribe 6 in October with more
in November and December and with more continuing in January.
So Taylor will give an update on that.
We talked through our dedicated development team's support and progress so far and then
showcased our eScribe 6 roadmap and upcoming features.
We also gave a mention around the state of the upgrades.
As we had said that there are no upgrades happening last year.
So we did a detailed demonstration focusing on our contributor experience.
You can always view that recording in the customer portal mentioned before.
Thank you again for always submitting questions and any comments during the webinar.
We really want to include your feedback in these sessions moving forward, especially
for this year.
And then again, as a reminder, you can view all webinar recordings in our community portal.
So with that quick wrap up, we have a few poll questions today.
This is the first one, then we have another one.
So quick question for everyone.
During a meeting, does your organization use the public display functionality?
And if our answers are yes, no, what is public display?
Hopefully we can give a little bit more insight to that today.
Thank you guys for participating.
We'll give it another few seconds before we close this.
Awesome.
Thank you.
We actually had a pretty wide variety of answers there.
So thank you guys for that feedback.
I'll stop sharing that.
And then we can click to our next question.
And during a meeting, does your organization use the graphical vote results in eScribe5
to display a vote?
It will give another few seconds.
Okay, so the majority of you do not.
So that's good information.
Thank you guys for sharing that with us.
We really appreciate it.
Also, if you don't use these functionalities right now, feel free to follow up with your
CSM and they'll be happy to share any information there.
And I'm going to go ahead and click and I will pass it to Taylor.
Awesome.
Thanks, Megan.
We'll give a quick update from the product side.
So as Megan mentioned, our core focus, obviously last quarter was focusing on new customer
implementations.
We have a lot more net new customer implementations on customers going live on eScribe6 over the
next couple of months.
So that's going to be our primary focus.
As of the end of the year, we have six net new customers live on the platform of various
sizes, small, large, different types of municipalities as well.
So we're super excited with the progress.
We're very proud of where we are.
As Megan mentioned, we're going to keep focusing on these net new customer implementations
while we finish out our preparations for upgrades.
So the other part that I want to give an update on is where we are with our surge effort.
So over the past couple of months, we've chatted about how we've been adding additional engineering
resources to really close the gap and get some of these core features done.
So we're making great progress.
Obviously, one that we're going to show today is related to graphical, you know, graphical
boat results.
So we're close to wrapping up subscription list and our automatic resolution numbering
features.
Same thing with our public comments module.
That's in five.
We're rebuilding that in six.
It's nearing completion as well.
And we're about to kick off, you know, some additional work around approval workflow and
making them more flexible.
So roadmap wise, you'll see that obviously we'll be able to show graphical votes today
as part of our product showcase.
As of working right now, we're wrapping up the subscription list, public comments, automatic
resolution numbering.
Our next core focus is making a lot of enhancements to making approval workflows more flexible
without auto delegation, the ability to decline and return to certain approvers, as well as,
you know, setting up review groups and setting those up as well.
Once we get through some of those, you know, the finishing touches on what we're working
on right now, and obviously working on our approval workflow flexibility, we'll go back
and we'll keep working on some additional improvements and enhancements on the meeting
manager and document manager modules as well.
So that's where we are, at least from a product perspective.
This is where we are from a roadmap.
We'll have an update in subsequent webinars as we look to finish some of these features.
We'll come back and do additional showcases and we'll keep the roadmap up to date as well.
So I'll pass it over to Kelsey because I think she wanted to actually show and do a deep
dive on a couple items related to approval workflows.
Okay, thanks, Taylor.
This is an approval enhancement that we're working on right now.
We got a lot of feedback from customers saying, hey, it would be really great if we could
improve the approval process in a certain way of when you go to add an approver, it's
not always just one person who is responsible for a step.
It could be a whole department.
It could be a group of people.
So instead of just having one person and then have a approval assistant and a delegate
responsible for a step, we're letting you add review groups, which means that you can
add a group of people.
So here you can see on the screen under users and groups, we would have a new
section called reviewer groups, and it's basically like you're setting up that bulk
approval step and who's in charge of that approval step.
So here you can see on the left, you can create a reviewer group and you could name it
finance department and just type in a whole department and everyone from that department
would appear in the list.
And then you can choose who you want to actually be the one to approve that approval step.
Maybe you don't want them approving it, you just want them to be aware so they'll still
be able to see that there's something in the approval process for them, but they won't
be able to click that approve or decline button.
And you'll also be able to say if you want them to have that email notification to say
there's an approval step waiting for them.
So let's you have more flexibility on how many people are within that one approval step.
Maybe someone's on vacation and you want a couple other people to manage that.
So we've decided to give that flexibility.
And when you go and add an approval step underneath approvals there on the left, this is
just a screenshot, but we'll be able to show it eventually.
You can type in the name of the reviewer group and that whole reviewer group would just be
part of the approval process for one step.
That's pretty much a summary of it until I can show more.
If there's any questions about it, though, feel free to type anything in the chat and
we'll get back to you throughout the webinar.
Yeah, thanks, Kelsey.
I'm going to go ahead and stop sharing my screen so Kelsey can go ahead and dive into
our demo today.
Yeah, and as Kelsey said, feel free to put any questions in the chat and I will politely
interrupt Kelsey as we're going through these if I feel like she can answer some of these
questions. So I'm going to go ahead and mute.
But any questions in the chat and Kelsey, go ahead.
Thanks, Megan. So we're taking a look at the graphical votes today.
So first off, I'm just on my home page of my site.
This is one of our QA tech sites.
So you'll see some information here that's not as pretty as normal.
But this is where our product or our feature lives today.
So I'm going to go over to my meeting templates because that's where I'm going to set things
up. And mine for today is called Anytown Council product.
I'm going to click on the ellipsis here and edit my template.
And this feature lives in my configure meeting settings area.
So you can see here, I've got my public display tab and I'm going to click that.
And I've got some settings here that allow me to set up my public display exactly how
I'd like for my meeting. So you can see here, I've got I can choose my agenda view or
logo view. So when you scribe five that lived within the meeting site.
But now you can choose that at your template level, since you're probably not going to
switch back and forth throughout the actual meeting.
I can choose my logo.
Something handy is also choosing your header that you'd like to have on your public
display. So you can insert different variables here, the meeting type, the date and
time. So you have control over what displays at the top.
We no longer put what we think belongs there.
Scrolling down, I've got my vote display options for showing votes in real time.
If I only want to show votes after close, maybe I don't want to show how people vote and I
only want to show the results or if I don't want any votes to show at all.
So all of these settings do tie into our graphical votes feature.
And you can also choose how long you'd like that the duration of the results to stay up on the
screen after. Maybe you know that it takes a long time to discuss these things and you want it up
for five minutes so you can type in however many seconds that is.
Scrolling down here, though, I do have a whole new section to show you and it's called
graphical vote results. So it's just an easy toggle here.
If you don't want to use graphical vote results, you turn that off and you'll see the table view.
We've shown the table view before, but I can show it another time.
Today, we're just focusing on the graphical vote.
So I enable this and I've got a few settings here to play with.
The first one is how I want that vote to display.
So before in eScribe 5, if you wanted to use graphical vote results, it was a little bit tedious.
You had to work with our IT team to build out exactly how you wanted it to look.
But now in eScribe 6, you'll be able to do it all by yourself and change it whenever you'd like.
So here you can choose if you'd like it to be grid or semicircle view.
So that's exactly how they sound. Grid is what I have chosen here.
And I've got my top, my middle and my bottom row.
And I can choose seven per row.
And so you can have a total of 21 people showing on the grid view.
Or if you only have maybe nine people in your meeting, it'll only show nine.
It just depends however many people you fill out in these columns here.
If I switched over to my semicircle view, we can only have nine people,
just because it depends of how many people can fit on the screen there.
So we don't want to throw in, let's say, 13 people per row and have them cutting off on the screen there.
So I'll show grid first.
I've got my nine voters set up.
So you only want to type in your voters here, since that's the display on your public display.
And I'm going to show my profile photos.
You can also choose not to show them and it won't leave a space for images or whatnot on the public display.
But I'm going to show them and you can set that up in the user list area.
When you go and edit a user into the system, you can add a signature for them and you can also add a photo for them.
So here I've got photos for everyone today.
And let's just say, for example, I'm setting this area up.
So let's say I have a new voter in my attendee group who I'd like to add.
Let's just say we'll type in Prince.
So you can see that I type in a voter from the attendee group and I've got the list here
and I can just choose if I'd like them to be included in my graphical vote results.
Of course, you only want people who are voters in your meeting site to be in here.
If you filled in someone who did not exist in your attendee group,
then on the public display, a blank card would show.
You'll see what that looks like.
But that just means that probably was a mistake when you were setting up your settings
and that person doesn't have a vote in your meeting site.
So I'm going to click Save Changes here and I'll go to my already created meeting site.
I just I'm on a different tab right now.
So any town council meeting product, that's the one for today.
And I already have it kicked off and it's already conducting.
So I'm going to open up my public display and it's going to open up in a new tab.
And I'm just going to pull this my actual meeting site into a different window here
so I can do them both at the same time.
So here's an example of my public display, my agenda view.
And I'm going to open up a vote and you'll see that my cards from my settings,
my meeting template area appear here and you'll see that it has the voters last name,
their title and then that they're currently voting.
So there's different statuses here.
And then whatever labels you have in your meeting template.
So if you have for, against, if they're in conflict or if they're absent,
they'll appear here depending on how that vote goes.
So let's say I opened it up for voting and now I'm just going to refresh the page really quick.
I've opened it up for voting and so people can submit their votes or as an admin,
I can submit a vote for them.
So here you can see as they click along, I've got my votes appearing in real time
and that way the public is able to see exactly how they're voting.
So when a card, sorry, when someone votes for, the card turns green.
If someone votes against, that card turns red.
We've got a conflict here and that's gray.
Absent is also gray.
So when everyone submits their vote, you can see at the top it says vote in progress
and on the admin side I'm just going to click close the vote and you can see
that my result is carried five to two.
Of course, these also depend on the settings that you choose
if it's majority present or whatnot.
So just keep that in mind.
But that's pretty much how graphical votes looks.
And of course, that disappeared after my 15 seconds was up.
I'll move my screen back over so that we can take a look at a different kind.
So here, let's say I don't want to have votes appear in real time.
Maybe I just want them to appear after close.
I don't want that pressure of seeing how everyone's voting.
So I'll just close here.
I've already saved my changes and I'm just going to refresh my public display.
Normally you wouldn't change settings on the fly like this,
but I'd like to show you how it looks.
So here I'm going to open up another vote and you'll see my public display says
there's a vote in progress right now.
So people are voting and it'll appear after.
So I'm just clicking through on my admin side here,
trying to get a different mix of what the cards will look like.
And I'll click close voting and you can see that it says carried four to three.
I've got four people who voted for and three who were against.
So now that we have that done, I'll just click into a different tab here.
I'm going to close my.
Hey Kelsey, sorry, sorry to interrupt you.
So I think you answered this question, but one question that came through like,
is voting always shown in real time?
The answer to me is that you kind of always have the option of what you want to do.
That's what you were just showing, correct?
Yes, correct. It just depends on the setting here in your public display.
So voting in real time would be this first option here.
If I didn't want people to see the public to see people voting,
I would choose this option here and then you have the detailed result after it closes.
Show result only means that you would just see that gray bar at the top,
how it said carried four to three.
So you don't see how people vote, you only see the result.
And then don't show votes is, hey, people are voting.
And then when the vote closes, it just says vote closed.
Perfect. And then really fast, there was one question that came in.
It's kind of a little more for like workflows, but it says,
if a change is done to the workflow, once it started,
does the workflow have to be canceled and start again from the beginning for the changes to take effect?
Oh, OK, sorry, approvals there. Yeah, sorry, again, I was I was thinking of the the workflow for setting up the settings.
Can you read that one? Yeah, of course.
If it makes more sense to come back to that, we can come back to it.
Sure. Yeah, let's answer that at the end. I'll just show one last thing for this.
Perfect. God. So in my meeting template here, I'm just going to get rid of some of these people
because I'm going to show you what the semicircle view looks like.
And I'll flip over to semicircle and let me just quickly type in, I've got.
Benson, I've got my user, Natalie, I'll just type in enough so that you can get the idea of what the arch looks like.
Nazrin, we've got Jim Cousins, maybe we'll do six people.
Oops. There we go. And we'll do Theodore.
OK, six people, and then maybe we won't show the photos for this one.
So I'm going to save that. We'll show votes in real time because I think that one's the most exciting.
And I've saved my settings. I'm going back to my my tab back over here.
I'll open up my public display again.
And then you'll see what it looks like in the semicircle view.
So I just move my screen off to the side here.
I'm going to do open to vote and you'll be able to see that people appear in more of an arch.
So you can have up to nine people here in your arch.
Just like I said, you don't want them to be squished off the screen.
So we did limit it to nine. But as people start to vote, you'll see again that they'll they're going to light up.
And I have more people voting than I show on the screen right now because I didn't fill everyone in.
So you'll see that when the vote closes, it'll look like more than who's there now.
So, for example, I closed it. It's carried seven to one.
But I did have people in my who are voting, like I said, who aren't currently on cards on the screen.
But you'd want to set that up beforehand.
So you have every voter showing so that it doesn't look like someone's missing on the screen.
I believe that's all I wanted to show for a graphical vote results.
Like I said, it's much easier to set up than eScribe five.
You can do it all by yourself. We can we can definitely help you out with your implementation team or your trainers.
Get you set up. But you can change it whenever you'd like.
You don't have to go through it. And it is included in the meeting management package.
Yeah, that was that was one of the questions that came in asking if the graphical vote module is extra or part of the main program.
So, yeah, part of the main program. I'll go ahead and dismiss that one.
OK, Kelsey, the question that was asked about workflow.
So let's go back to that one.
And if it makes more sense for you to showcase what we're talking about, we can do that, too.
Also, at this point in time, Kelsey has wrapped up the demo of graphical vote.
So if there's any other questions that you guys have or anything that we can answer related to that or anything related to six,
we'll do our best to answer as much of those as we can live.
So please go ahead and put that in the Q&A.
And we may wrap up a few minutes early, depending on the questions.
But just wanted to remind everyone and give them the opportunity to get questions in.
And thank you all for joining us and participating.
That was very long winded. But Kelsey, here's the question.
OK, so if a change is done to a workflow once it has started,
does the workflow have to be canceled and then restarted or started again from the beginning for the changes to take effect?
Sure. I guess that I would ask back, what do you mean by changes?
So if you're changing something to the your approval group, let's say you send you send a document through approval group one.
If you go and change to add or remove people from approval group one,
when you started the approval is when the system takes kind of like a stamp of who that approval group is.
So if you make changes to that approval group or settings to your approval group or document, yes, you would need to cancel that approval and start again.
OK, yeah, the approvers. Yeah, approvers. Yeah.
Cool. Right. Let us know if we didn't answer that question in full.
Another question that came in, Kelsey, I don't know if you saw it in the Q&A is related to
talking about reporting. I don't know if that's something we want to dive into.
I know we've done a session that focuses on reporting, so I know that recording is available, too.
I think it was Linda who asked that question. So if you want to review that, we can make sure your CSM sends that to you, Kelsey.
I don't know if you want to answer that, if it just makes more sense to kind of watch the other session.
Sure. The question is, this question is not specific to today's topic, but I'm wondering if eScribe 6 will automatically create a report number
when an administrative report is submitted and approved in a workflow, similar to automatic resolution numbering.
The report number, or we call it document number now in eScribe 6, it's not created automatically, but you have the option to create it or to add a document number when you create the document.
So it's not automatic when it gets approved, when that document gets approved.
It's just you have the choice of adding that document number as you create that document.
Okay, let us know if that also didn't answer your question, and we can send more of the recording that we've done previously if that would help as well.
I think at this point, oh, one more question.
I think we're good, actually.
The other questions that we had come up in the chat, we'll do our best to follow up with you guys there.
But thank you all for joining this first session of 2025.
Like I said, if we didn't get to your question, we'll make sure our CSMs follow up with you.
Otherwise, we will see you all in our next session.
Appreciate your time today.
Bye-bye.
