Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Welcome to our session. We're going
to give it a few seconds before we get started just to see if anybody else joins us. And
as most of you know, today we're focusing on a demo for meeting admins and participants.
Give it a few more seconds and then we'll go ahead and get started.
All right. Thank you all for joining us today. Just wanted to call out at the beginning that
we do have another upcoming Atlas webinar session talking through time management tips. You most
likely have gotten an email about this already, but if not, we'll make sure to have your CSM
send you that information if you're interested in joining. As I said, thank you guys for joining
us today. We have our speakers here with us today. We have Kelsey, who is our lead product owner. We
have Sandra, who's one of our customer success managers who some of you have probably worked
with. And then we have Oscar, our principal product marketing manager. He's been on some of
these sessions before, so we're excited to have him back. And then my name is Megan and I am the
product marketing manager for eScribe. We're going to go ahead and click through.
So just a few housekeeping things. All participants are automatically muted. We have a Q&A section,
so please go ahead and submit your questions there. As we say, every time we're going to do our best
to answer as many questions as we can during the session, but we may not get to all. We'll make sure
that your CSM follows up with you, so please make sure your name is included when you are submitting
your questions. Today's recording will be shared via email afterwards with a handful of different
resources included as well. This will also be posted in the eScribe community portal,
where we have all of our eScribe 6 resources for you. Our final ask is that we ask you to take some
time to complete our post webinar survey. We constantly say that your feedback is important
to us, and these sessions are included in that. So for today's agenda, I'll quickly do a recap
of our May 13th webinar. We have a quick poll question, and then we actually are going to dive
into a document collaboration and WAPI update. We know there's been some questions around that.
We're also going to take some time doing a brief demo of the document collaboration
piece to show you, and then Kelsey and Sandra are also going to dive into the demo for the meeting
administrators and participants. So then we'll leave time for questions. As I said,
we'll do our best to get to all of those. Excuse me. There we go. So quick recap of the May webinar.
We talked through eScribe 6 security, plans of moving away from SharePoint to WAPI,
overall plans for document collaboration, and overall performance improvements.
This was a bit more on the technical side of things, so that was kind of the recap there.
Again, we'll be doing some follow-up to that today. Oscar will give some more information there,
and then I just wanted to call out that we're continuing this series. You guys have been really
engaged with it, which we appreciate. So our next session will be the week of July 15th. Our plan is
to demo some meeting templates and walk through that with you all, and then we'll be sending out
that registration link in detail soon. Again, all of our webinar recordings and other resources
are available via the customer portal for you guys to be able to access that.
So before we dive into anything else, we're going to do a quick poll question.
Let me go ahead and launch this one. So our question today is around which internet browser
do your participants use to log in? We know there's a variety. We know different organizations use
different things, so we just wanted to take a second and poll you guys to see if there
is anything else. Also, if you don't know, that's totally fine. It looks like Google Chrome seems to
be the top, which is what I personally use for everything as well. Gave a lot of different
options there, though. I'll give us a few more seconds. Almost everyone has participated,
so thank you guys for that feedback. All right. I'm going to go ahead and end that.
Google Chrome is by far our winner, so thank you for that. All right. So I'm going to go ahead
now and pass it to Oscar for this update. Thanks, Megan. And hello, everyone. By the way,
I'm a big kind of Google Chrome, too. That's what I use. So I know last week there's been a lot of
concerns raised about document collaboration, especially in regards to WAPI and what we're
doing, and I wanted to address some of those concerns. I'm hoping also when Kelsey does her
demo, there'll be more clarity on this topic. So just to recap, with the development of
eScribe 6, we've transitioned from SharePoint to Azure, and we went through this modernization
for faster performance, enhanced ease and speed, and developing and adding new features, also
with the modernization, having support for innovative capabilities. So once you build
that modern foundation, it's a lot easier to add a new feature that you can gain a lot from. So
that was the entire reason for us changing that and making it easier, modernizing it.
The issue that we ran into was that document collaboration is not available on Macs because
of Microsoft's Mac OS limitation. So when we went through this modernization, that's what the issue
we ran into. In order to support that, in order to support both Windows and Macs, we're adopting
Web Application Open Platform Interface, WAPI, which will allow document collaboration on both
Windows and Mac users. The concern, of course, has come up now because what's going to be different
is that documents will now open in the browser version instead of the desktop version. And again,
this is in line and this change is in line with Microsoft's shift towards cloud services,
which is where really everyone is moving towards in terms of browser versions of applications.
Next slide, please.
So there's two things I want to address, right? Developer tab and content controls.
Let's start with developer tab. So yes, developer tab will not be available in the browser version
due to a Microsoft limitation. It's still available in the desktop version for template creation. So
developer tab not available in browser. What the user will have to do is to create templates in
the desktop version and then upload them into eScribe. If there's ever a change to be made
with that particular template, it would need to be edited in the desktop version,
uploaded into eScribe, similarly with new templates as well. Now, how often are you
going to do this? When you first start off, your implementation manager will help you with building
these templates. From what I understand, changes to templates aren't made that often, maybe every
few months, in some cases every year, but that's when you would have to edit it in the desktop
version and update it and to upload it into eScribe. Next slide, please.
So we talked about the developer tab being absent now in the browser version. Let's stop and look
at content controls. But before we do that, and this is going to come out from Kelsey showing you
how document collaboration works, with eScribe 6, with eScribe 5, you'd have to enter data twice
when it came to meeting date or meeting type using the date picker. Now in eScribe 6, users will
enter your meeting date, meeting type, document number, and department sponsors. They'd enter that
upfront within eScribe, and when you open up your document, that data will get populated into the
document automatically. So all of the content will now be edited within eScribe in the flyout,
and then when the document's opened, it would get put into the document. If you need to make a change
to it, you would close the document, edit the flyout in eScribe 6, and then open the document again.
So no need to replicate, no need to go into that document or use the date picker or the drop down
from meeting type. It's now done within eScribe. All of this data, when it comes to meeting date,
meeting type, document number, department sponsors, flows only one way from eScribe into the document.
Alternatively, when you're building your template initially, you'll have title, description, motion.
These are the fields that you create within the template in the desktop version. When that
document's opened and you enter data into those fields, text into those fields, that automatically
gets put into eScribe. So there's a flow of information for those five fields that we've got
up there that go one way, and then you've got title, description, and motion that move the
other way. So eScribe 6 works differently, where now you've got the ability to edit,
create your template with the absence of the developer tab. You create that in your desktop
version, you bring it up, but when it comes to all of these fields, a lot of that now is done within
eScribe 6. In fact, all of it's done within eScribe 6. That was a concern for moving over
to WAPI and now using the browser version. Next slide, please.
So we know that you're not going to be able to do a date picker or drop down,
or you don't need to do it anymore, but the question might come up as to,
you know, can I add another date picker? Can I add another drop down?
So with our onboard platform that does have WAPI implemented, we were able to do some tests,
and you could add a drop down within a template, upload it, and the drop down will still work.
However, date pickers, when you do the same thing, that won't work,
right? So this is in addition to what you typically would use in eScribe 5 because now that
data moves from the fly out within eScribe 6 into the document. And all of this will make a
lot more sense when actually Kelsey shows it to you, but I wanted to call this out because this
was one of the questions as well that said, okay, you know, can we have additional drop downs and
additional date pickers? Drop downs, yes. Date pickers, no. You'd potentially have to add,
you know, extra data field or a text field and add in your additional dates there.
Next slide, please. So talked about not having developer tab, content control still being in
place. What about document collaboration as a whole? Document collaboration will still continue
to exist as it does today with eScribe 6. So even in terms of someone opening up a browser version,
users will still be able to collaborate, but now in the browser version instead of the desktop
version. So that is not going away. Everything I've covered, and of course Kelsey is going to
show stuff in the demo as well, but everything I've covered will be sent out where we put together
some communication around this that will get sent out with a follow-up email after the webinar. So
it's either later today or potentially tomorrow, but you will have this documentation around
what I've talked about. So with that, I'm going to hand it over to Kelsey.
Thanks, Oscar. I will just share my screen here in a moment.
Okay, great. I'm just going to give a quick demo on what Oscar shared earlier. So here in my,
this is my admin view on the screen here. I'm going to go to my documents list and I'm going
to create a new document. I'll just clear my filters first. My new document here, I'm going
to click create document and I'm just going to type in today's date so I can easily find it.
My meeting type, I'll make my city council meeting. I'll select my future date and I'm
just going to scroll down here and fill in some fields that are going to fill into my word document
once it's created. So my department, my document template, I've got my sponsors over here and I'm
going to give it a report number, which I've done and I'll make Joe and Umair my sponsors here.
I'm going to click create and I'm going to have that document up here in my list and I'm going
to filter that out just so that I can find that document a bit easier. So I've got my June 17th
here. I can click on the document itself or I can go into this menu here. If you see the three dots
menu throughout eScribe typically means that there's a hidden menu there with more options.
So I'm going to click into that and I'm going to click open document. Just going to prepare,
take some moment and then it's going to pop up my word document and we're going to see some of the
fields in there. Like Oscar said, some of that information is going to flow in and some of that's
going to flow out into eScribe itself. So I'm going to click open document there again
and I'm going to have that word document open up on my screen here.
That's just loading here
and I'm going to drag it over here on my screen because it opened up on one of my other screens.
Here we go. So you can see here this is a template that we've created for eScribe 6
and of course implementation support. Everyone's going to be willing to help
you create any document templates needed. You can see here these are my different fields. So
for my title I'm just going to type in title for today. I'm going to type in description
for today just so we can see that information flow out and I'm going to type in motion for today.
I'm going to click save but as you can notice I don't have bilingual setup on this site
but my template is bilingual. That's a change and improvement that we made from eScribe 5 to
eScribe 6. The sites are now bilingual or the templates are. So I can have bilingual fields
for my title, description, and motion and that information is going to flow into my French
field, something that wasn't able to be done in eScribe 5. So that's really exciting for our
bilingual customers. If I scroll down here though you can see that I have five fields,
my document number, meeting date, meeting type, department, and sponsors. Those ones are the
information that flow into the Word document from eScribe. So you don't have to have a drop
down for maybe meeting type for your business users to use. You don't have to have any of these
fields anymore because we flow that information into the Word document now. Whereas this information
here for your title, description, and motion all flow out and while I'm doing this I'm editing
my document. You can have multiple users in here editing so we haven't taken that away at all. If
anything we've improved it with the French fields and having this information flow in and not having
to do that twice. So I've already saved that. I'm just going to close out of my Word document
now and I'm just going to go to the document templates area. So this is what Oscar was
mentioning when he said that you have to upload your document templates and you can't edit them
within eScribe or the WAPI version, the online one. So if I click this menu here for my 2024
template I'm going to open that template. You can see here that I can easily remove that attachment
for my template document template or I can click this to browse my computer and replace that file
which I'm just going to click cancel and I don't want to do that today. But I'm going to close out
of there just in case there was any confusion. That was the spot where you would have to edit it
on the not the browser version but the desktop version. So if I go back to my documents list,
my June 17th here, if I click here and I click edit details this is what a flyout is when you
hear us mention a flyout. This is what that means and if I scroll down here I'm going to see for
title, description, and my emotion down here. I'm going to have that information that I inputted
into the Word document into my flyout here and that would in turn go into the system whether
it was a draft item that's going to be in there. So hopefully that clears up anything and of course
we're willing to answer more questions about that. Reach out, type your questions in and if
there's anything else we'd be happy to help there. Hey Kelsey, really fast before you move on. I did
want to call out there where it was one. A few of the other questions that have come in feel like
they're a little more specific to the individual like experience so I'm going to make sure the
CSMs can answer those ones offline but one that I wanted to ask was in the demo the report number
auto-populated can you manually type in a document number when creating instead?
Manually type it in here? Yes. No you just click to assign it because you set your document numbers
up prior in the settings so you can't type it in that way it limits duplication of that.
So you just click to assign it takes the next number in the queue. Perfect thank you for answering
that. Sorry for interrupting. Go ahead. I'm going to close out up here and we're going to get to the
meetings area which the demo is all about today. So if I click the meetings list here this is your
home page really for most users and you can see we've got the navigation on the left here. This
navigation is dependent on what user role you are so right now I'm a super admin in the system so I
can do pretty much everything needed to be done. So you can see here it's the typical menu items
for meetings agenda items documents which we were just in approvals users groups and then I've got
my handy filters up at the top to help me manage this list here. So the first stop that we're going
to go to today is users and groups and my attendee groups. So if I click here you can see I've got my
attendee groups listed on the left. I can edit and create new groups if I want to and then I
fly out appears here. I'm going to close out of that though or I can just click on to one that I've
already have created to edit and play around with today. So I'm going to click in my office
and you can easily reorder that add an attendee if you'd like or maybe you want to edit someone. So
I'm just going to edit this attendee here and it's pretty similar to eScribe 5 the options that we
have available. So you have your roles and voting permissions display if you wanted to have any
specific voting groups the display names for that attendance or the motion and that handy checkbox
of updating and upcoming meetings. Awesome this seems to be an area that people are really excited
for I know I am it's just easier to navigate in general and just a simpler setup. So yes that's
exactly what we tried for simpler less clicks making it much more easy for the user.
If I go back to my meetings list here you can see that I can easily create a meeting on the right
hand side. So if I click that the fly out appears and again similar to eScribe 5 where we've
simplified things so the meeting type the attendee group location or the close if you'd like setting
up your date your date and time and if I scroll down here we have this handy section where you
can send email notifications to admins voting participants or non-voting participants. When you
do so you can easily select a template so you can say hey this meeting's been scheduled or it's been
rescheduled you enter that in there you select who you'd like it to send to you and you can do
that on create or when you're editing that meeting site. I'm going to cancel out of this window
because I've already got a meeting site set up for today that's my June 17th meeting so we'll
just head into there. So this is where the magic happens this is our meeting site you can see it's
pretty similar we have the agenda on the left hand side and more information about the items on the
right hand side. I'm going to start at the very top though and go over things so at the very top
here you can see on the right hand side this is like the state of my meeting so here we have
meeting not started I believe it's meeting in session and then meeting concluded so we don't
really use the terms pre-conductor post anymore just change that up a bit I can easily click into
my closed session here and that takes me into closed session I don't think I have anything
set up for today but this is where your closed session would take place so it's not hidden
in a menu navigation over on the left it's just easily available in the right and you can click
participant view that's for the closed session but if I click meeting site in participant view
I can see exactly what my participants are going to see for my meeting site
so I'll just click that again to turn that off and now I'm back in my admin view.
Going down the next set of items here this is my agenda tab if I go into my packages tab you can
see that I've got a drop down here so I can easily access my agendas or my minutes and I'm just going
to click these check boxes to prepare my package so you can see that these check boxes gray out so
that I can't accidentally reprepare them while they're preparing I've got the spinner over here
to say hey this package is now preparing just give it a minute and my approval status so this
can change from draft or it can change to approved if I send that through a workflow
or if I automatically approve that as an admin I have that power you can see we have the resolution
packages still for you to prepare and we have an options button here where you can add some
special comments or any additional documents into any packages that you prepare on this screen
so I've got my agenda and my full package prepared the agenda is what we used to call the cover sheet
kind of confusing so we just changed that to simplify agenda and the full package is basically
the agenda with your attachments in it so I'm going to open up my package there make sure it's
exactly what I want it's my pdf I've set this up in my meeting template I've got my item starting
on a separate page and okay that looks good so I'm just going to close that and I'm going to
go to my publish tab now publish tab has a few options so you've got your participant you can
publish the internet your visitor so I would like to publish my meeting site to my participants
and I'll give them access to both of those packages that I just prepared by publishing
them out it's also time for me to publish to the internet so I'm going to select internet from that
drop down and I'll move over here to the right and click publish that meeting out to the internet
publishing area now that that's published successfully I'll go to my internet publishing
site refresh that page since I just performed that action and you'll see on the 17th there I
should have my meeting site pop up with no documents just yet and all looks good I'm going
to go back to my agenda tab here because that's where my meeting site primarily is and we're going
to go over the secondary bar here so here's where my attendees would reside I can reorder them or
add them if I need to add anybody on the fly and here if I click into that menu option I can easily
remove somebody or I can go back to that it's like the same kind of options as we saw in the
attendee groups so if you scroll down and need to change anything you're easily able to do that
I can also close out of that I can also check out my roll call beforehand to make sure everything's
okay and it's separated by your voting participants your non-voting participants and maybe if you
wanted to add anybody any others in that meeting site who showed up so I'll just click cancel I'm
not going to save that and over on the right we have two more buttons this one is for announcements
so if you had any meeting site announcements specific to that meeting site you can easily
add them you can create and you can edit them delete them and it's great because you can
actually have an expiry date so when you say you know this announcement is going to expire you're
not going to be able to see that anymore your participants in your meeting site will be able
to see it lastly we have this settings icon here and this gives me access to clear out any
participant comments maybe I don't want any comments lingering around after the meeting
so that's chair comments group comments and participant comments I can't read the actual
comments but I can click these clear buttons and just clear those out so I don't have any leftover
awesome now Kelsey before we move on to actually conducting um do you need to use the side tab
anymore to run the meeting at all no we found that in describe five a lot of things were buried in
the menu over here on the left and it made for a lot of clicks and a lot of confusion from the
admins and even participants in the meeting site so we've made everything accessible on the actual
page awesome and second question do you need to sync your profile if you change any meeting
settings anymore no if you change any settings you do not have to sync the profile that's not
a thing anymore it's not a button you don't have to say that word ever again um the only thing that
does not come over into a new and a meeting site that's already existing is uh the structure so if
I want to go and add a new agenda item in my template area that new agenda item won't appear
because it's part of the structure of it so you have to create a new meeting site for that one
awesome and that's generally how it works today anyway as well yes yeah that's today's practice
as well awesome so can I can I interrupt we had um and I don't know if this is the right time to
ask this question um but before we go into conduct um one question just came in asked me how do you
add a revised item um they said you used to have to approve the agenda once it was prepared to add
revised items I don't know if this is the right time to answer that but I thought yeah potentially
yeah that's okay um you it's the same idea so if I'm in my packages area I can um approve my package
here and then any item that I added or maybe it made a change to if I wanted to it's going to
appear automatically to have um include an addendum package that's your addendum and your revise are
pretty similar so that would be checked off automatically but if I didn't want to approve
my agenda for some reason I could just go to any item I wanted to and select that option include
an agenda package and then you would or addendum sorry and then you'd see the little star on the
left hand side of it indicating that this is a primarily a late item good question thanks yeah
thank you sorry feel free to conduct now um so as you can see like I said on the left hand side it's
your um agenda navigation on the right there's more information you can see that this button
is new here this is the conduct meeting button um and this allows multiple admins to be in the
meeting site in the same meeting mode at the same time so if I click conduct this is really taking
off my meeting so it's going to say hey are you sure you want to conduct your um it's going to
record my click sequence so I'm going to click conduct and you can see that I've got my roll
call automatically so I'm going to mark everyone as present get that out of the way and my meeting
mode up here has changed so I'm now meeting in session I have two new buttons here stop conducting
and conclude conclude as the meeting is finished done so I'm not going to click that just yet and
stop conducting means I'm no longer the person who's in control of this meeting um yep so do
toggles affect time stamping specifically uh yes so over on the left here you can see that because
I'm conducting I have access to these toggles and these toggles are what we call the active toggles
um toggles hold a lot of power because they um manage your timestamps so if I toggle this on
a timestamp would be um saved it also records my click sequence it um says hey this is the active
item for the public display if the participants have that current item button in their site
it also says this is the item that the admin is on so yes it does affect time stamping in that way
um any other questions do you so when you click something that's not uh toggled can you kind of
make some changes in the minutes while people are discussing things but not have it affect timestamps
yes you can so that's what's great about the toggles is because if I had another admin maybe
I had two or three other admins helping me manage minutes or motions they can go and click they won't
see the toggles themselves but if maybe I needed to um they can them or myself can go and click
other items and my clicks are not going to really matter I can go into other things save
and it's not going to affect that active item at all it's just the toggle that matters
awesome and then let's say you needed to step away for any reason and I needed to take over is that
possible yes if you click the stop conducting button it um lets the other admins conduct but
they also do have a start conducting button so they can take over at any time if there was an
emergency they needed to take over awesome thanks Kelsey yeah no problem um in the middle
here you can see we've got a little menu so if I click that that's how I can add an item
if you wanted to see your agenda maybe a little bit less busy I can hide the minutes so I can
see maybe just a structure and I can click that again to show the minutes I can reorder the agenda
and really handy for when the meeting is kind of in that pre-meeting mode show draft item only so
I can see those draft items that are maybe waiting for approval and what workflow they're
currently in the right hand side here when you are in pre-meeting or in your post-meeting or
concluded mode details is going to be your default tab since you can edit those fields
but when you're conducting that minutes tab is going to be your default since that's primarily
where you spend your time but in your details tab here you can see I'm in session and I'm able to
edit the title in the description that's something that was new you could only edit those in
pre-meeting before so we've made that change so you can like I said edit the title the description
I can add my sponsors departments conflicts maybe I wanted to upload some more information here some
more documents but I'm going to go to my minutes tab here and minutes hold motions and minutes so
if I go to my add button I can add minutes I can add motions and you can add multiple of them so
before you could only add one minutes and one motions box so that made it kind of hard for
people to structure their agendas the way that they want it so now you could maybe have your
minutes your motions if you want to add another minutes underneath it so you could have your
agenda in your minutes structured the way that you want them to be speakers list tab is pretty
explanatory I can easily add a speaker make my speakers list active and the more tab posts
the tasks and the chair comments information so now that we've seen Kelsey oh sorry I have a few
I have a few questions and then I did I did want to say it is it is two o'clock so we we've hit
that 30 minute mark if suddenly you have to drop off please feel free to do so but we'll also stay
here to kind of wrap this up and answer a few more questions maybe for the next like five to
six minutes so if you are able to say we encourage you sorry for interrupting but Kelsey and Sandra
we had a few questions that came from once you hit conduct so one of the questions was once we hit
conduct does it automatically turn the live streaming on no it does not automatically turn
that on you would have a live streaming button here and you like you click that and a fly out
would appear similar to the other ones and you'd be able to turn that stream and record toggle on
yourself okay and then does the stop conducting function impact the live stream my answer would
be okay sorry stop conducting does not conclude will conclude will automatically stop the stream
and the record but conducting will not okay give me one second I think there was one more
apologies trying to answer as many live as we can everyone since we're in the demo
um okay when you start the meeting do the other admins need to click on stop conducting so I
wonder if that's multiple admins what they're asking about um if I click start conducting
and I'm conducting then Sandra said you know I want to run today's meeting she could take
it over from me there's nothing stopping the system from doing that okay awesome thank you
sorry those were those were kind of the questions that related to that so I just wanted to jump in
yeah no problem so I'm going to drag over my other screen here this is the participant view
so the other one was the admin this is the participant side um you can see that my
participant of course only has the user role of participant so I've got more of a simplified view
this is my home page of that meetings list like we saw for the admin but I'm only going to see
the meetings applicable to myself the navigation on the left hand side here is very simplified
so we've got meetings any approvals maybe that I'm taking part of resource library tasks and
reporting but I'm going to refresh my page here because I published this to my participants so
I'm just going to refresh this and that status is now going to change to published and it's also
published the internet those are something new that we added so that participants no longer have
to just see that little green globe I don't think anyone was a fan of that and they can actually
just see that it's been published so I'm going to click into there and the meeting site I can see
which one is active so that's great but just to navigate you around here we do have the meeting
site sorry meeting and session in the top right corner and if I click there I'm also going to be
able to access closed session only if I have permissions to if I wasn't able to get into
closed session I wouldn't be seeing that drop down option but over on the left here I've got my
comments button so this is like a summary of all of the comments that I've made in my meeting site
so maybe I'm wondering hey where did I leave that comment I forget where I left it I could see the
item that it's on and I can also clear all of those comments if I didn't want those lingering
around after the meeting I'm going to close out of there these are my downloaded packages
these are the packages that the admin first published when they prepared and published
out to the participants so I can just download this and it goes right to my computer it saves to my
computer request to speak here this is a change I have the setting turned on for a request to
speak at any time so the request to speak does not have to be active in order for me to submit
a request to speak so I can choose to say I'm going to request to speak on just about everything
and click submit and you'll see my little microphone icon appears next to the item where
I've requested to speak and that would disappear if the admin marks me as complete maybe they
deleted my request or if I go to request to speak myself and I go uh never mind I'm just
going to request to speak on three of those items um on the very right side just like the admin we
have that announcements area so I'm able to read any meeting announcements that are applicable to
myself awesome and just so people know these options are configurable in the settings so some
of you might not use all of these settings like group group comments or whatnot still configurable
yes just like Sandra said um maybe I don't want my participants to have access to private comments
or group comments maybe even reading the minutes those things are still configurable
just like they were in describe five so sorry so someone asked the question of like who will be
able to see the request to speak um again is that configurable or is there any setting that we need
um right now it's going to be the participants can submit a request to speak though that's
voting and non-voting and then as the admin you can also add maybe you had someone from the
public who wanted to speak so you can add just a name if you type in the name but to manage the
request to speak right now it's just the admin and then on the roadmap we have the ability for
the chair to manage that request to speak awesome thank you yeah no problem um yes similar to the
admin um left side is the agenda navigation right side is more information as you can see here it's
just um read only and then here I can open or download any attachments that I'd like to see
I've got my minutes here which are read only and then my comments tab hosting private and group
comments and maybe chair comments if I was the chair I also have my current item here so if I
click that current item button it takes me to the one that's active that the admin has that active
item toggle on um I'm just going to play with my screen here I'm just going to move this one over
so that I can open a vote and show you what that looks like so we're going to um open up a move
and second here so you can see what that looks like so I'm going to be on item number one
and I'm just going to go to my motion here and I'm going to ask for a mover and seconder
so it's waiting for participants I'm going to click that move button hopefully I get
added in there thanks Sandra for selecting one looks like I got added so I'm just waiting for
that seconder that admin is going to select the seconder and that move in second is now over so
that process closes and you can see that screen updates to show who moved and who seconded
we're also going to open up a vote here so you can see what that looks like I'm going to click
open to vote on the admin side and I've got that voting card open up on my screen here so I can see
who moved who seconded and what that motion text was I'm going to select yes and maybe I say I don't
really want to vote yes anymore I'm going to click back to voting and I'm going to click no my vote
submitted successfully and voting is still in progress so I'm just going to go back to voting
and have that open on my screen on the admin side I'm just going to click in what the other
participants are going to vote and I'm going to close that vote so you can see my ballot then
closes and I get that little notification saying hey the vote has now closed I'm going to move my
participant back over and I'm going to make the admin one back on my screen here so now the admin
one is on sorry I'm just going to move this one back over so now that we're on the admin side I'm
going to show you the exact same thing just from the admin side so I'm going to move down to item
number two maybe I'll make this one active now I'm on my minutes tab and I'm going to scroll down
here and say okay time to move and second this one so I'm waiting for my participants we're going
to have a couple people move I can select I don't have automatic mover a second or turn on so I
want to select them myself I'm going to select Sandra for this one first and I'm going to get
Jim to move the second one sorry to second over here there we go I want to select Jim
and that move in second is now closed so my screen is going to update there
now that I have my mover and seconder I'm going to open that vote
and we can see all of the voting options there I'm going to select yes as Jim since that's who I'm
running and everyone else I'll just add in here we go and I'm going to close that vote so once
that vote's closed it's carried it was a recorded vote I'm going to close this and if I wanted to see
voting results for that I can easily click on that button and because it was a recorded vote
your participants will have access to that button as well so they can see what those voting results
are too lastly I just wanted to show the task area so I'm going to select more on that item
add a task I'll just do testing task I'm going to assign this to Sandra
and I'll be really nice and I'll give her oops click the wrong button I'm going to give her
till the end of summer
I'll click create and you can see my task is going to appear here on the right hand side
I can easily add more or I can always edit and delete this task also if I wanted to add a
conflict of interest here I go to my details and I can easily add a conflict by selecting my voting
member I'm just going to say this is the reason and I can always edit this later I can also add
attachments for that conflict of interest and when I click create you'll see that my conflict
we call them chips appear on the item that it's affecting that name also appears here where I can
also easily edit or remove that conflict and in that special action the declaration of pecuniary
interest it also appears as an item underneath it where I can edit that those options as well
once we are ready to conclude we're happy with the meeting I'm going to click this conclude
button here and it's going to take me to my concluded state and when you conclude does that
automatically list all the attendees as out in the roll call yes it does if I were to click on my
roll call here and I want to click in you can see that I've got the time for in and then my time
for out as well so it automatically marks everybody out now my next step here is to go to my packages
so I'm going to want to prepare my post agenda so I'm going to let that prepare and maybe I want
to go to my minutes and I may as well prepare that as well so that just takes a minute to prepare
you can see my post agenda has already been done I'm just going to check on my minutes
it's preparing it'll be there just in a second so I'm going to go over to my publish tab
if I wanted to I could publish that information out to my participants but I'm really anxious
to get that out on my internet publishing site so that the public has access to it so I'm not
concerned about my agenda maybe my post agenda and I'm just going to publish my pdf today
my post minutes as well I'm going to decide to publish the pdf I've got those two documents out
there and I'm just going to refresh my internet publishing site since I just did that and it's
going to appear on the 17th I've got my minutes I don't have my agenda I'm just going to try that
again I'll just unpublish and publish that
just takes a second sometimes
it was successfully unpublished let me try the full package here just publishing that pdf one
more time if I refresh that I should click into that and be able to see that perfect okay we've
run through the meeting process if anybody else has any questions please drop them in the Q&A and
like Megan said we'll be able to get those answered and over to you back to you thanks Megan
yeah thank you so yeah Kelsey if you want to go ahead and stop screen sharing we can go ahead and
do that there were a lot of questions that came in so thank you all please go ahead we're probably
only going to be here for another few minutes I think we have a few questions that we can answer
but if there's anything else please put them in the chat we always encourage everyone to reach
out if you want a specific demo to reach out to your CSM I know these sessions go by really fast
but if you schedule a demo for six they will walk through each little individual thing with
you I see Sandra smiling and nodding so just wanted to call that out one question that did
come in I know we've kind of touched on it a few times today but Oscar if you want to take this one
is WAPI in eScribe 6 now the answer is no so right now WAPI is not in eScribe 6 what does that mean
um you know we're we're working on a timeline to to work WAPI in um and the way eScribe 6 is
as it stands today document collaboration still works it's just that it's on the windows
machines doesn't work on Macs right okay okay thank you and then um this will be our last
question today um again this recording will be shared out with everyone we have a handful
of resources available on the customer community portal for you um again schedule time with your
CSM but uh Oscar again kind of answered it but who is the best or where is the best resource for me
to get more information on document collaboration WAPI anything else in the future that that kind of
comes up as a question or concern yeah so we will be sending out as I mentioned there'll be um you
know um detailed communication put into the resource folder it's going out as part of this
you know the communication that goes out after the webinar but I moving forward if there's any
questions any concerns please please work through your CSMs you know there's been certain customers
too that products gotten involved and and met with um so if there are any concerns please work
through your CSM and we'll get get your questions answered to you as as soon as possible
um well thank you all I know this session went a little over this time um but really we do
appreciate your time we appreciate your questions be on the lookout for the follow-up communication
um coming hopefully within the next 24 hours or so um and we'll make sure to also send you
the registration link for the upcoming session uh for July so on that note we'll go ahead and
end the session and thank you all for speaking again appreciate your time as well
awesome thanks guys take care
