Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'm going to give us a little bit of
time so everyone can join. But today's webinar for eScribe 6 will be a focused demo of tasks
and reporting. We're happy that you're all here. I just wanted to do a quick promotion
for our upcoming webinar that we have in September, talking through enhancing public meetings,
and sharing some practical tips and strategies for clerks. We'll make sure to include this
in the follow-up email so that way you all can register ahead of time and get that on
your calendar. Like I said, we're excited to share this webinar today and just wanted
to have you guys meet your speakers quickly. We have Tim, who spoke on some webinars before,
our Chief Product Officer, Taylor, who you all met previously in our last webinar, Kelsey,
who has joined us on a handful of different sessions, Shivani, who we're excited to have
join us today, and then myself, Megan. Thank you guys for joining us again. It's nice to
see you. Just some housekeeping things. Same as always, all participants are automatically
muted. Please submit your questions in the Q&A section. We'll do our best to answer as
many as we can during the session, but we may not get to all of them. So your CSM will
make sure to follow up with you. And today's recording will be shared via email and posted
to the eScribe community portal. And please take time to complete our post-webinar survey
that will pop up at the end. As always, your feedback is very important to us. And then
again, we just want to reiterate that these webinars are not meant to be training sessions
for eScribe 6. These are just meant to be informative sessions walking you through some
of the updates that we've made so far in the platform. So for today's agenda, we'll
do a quick reminder of what is eScribe 6 for those who haven't joined any sessions before.
We'll do a quick recap of the July 17th webinar that just happened. We'll have a quick update
from product from Tim and Taylor. We'll have a quick poll question, and then Kelsey and
Shivani will jive into a focus demo for tasks and reporting, and then we'll have time at
the end for Q&A. So just a quick reminder, what is eScribe 6? eScribe 6 is an improved
version of eScribe that's faster, more modern, user-friendly. Really, we heard your feedback,
and that's why we're working to build eScribe 6, fewer bugs, more feature improvements,
more releases, improved speed, performance, and usability. As we've said in multiple calls,
as it relates to 6, and we'll do our best to keep you updated on our progress throughout.
And for our recap of July 17th, like we said, we introduced Taylor. We're excited to have
him as a part of our team. He'll be making sure to interact and engage with our customers
regularly. And then also, while Tim is on this call, Taylor will continue to be giving
and providing those regular updates on the product and product roadmap moving forward.
So in that session, we walked through a detailed demonstration of meeting templates, and we
also just wanted to say thank you for continuing to submit questions and recommendations in
that Q&A box. We're really hoping to begin to put some of those into practice soon. And
with that, I will go ahead and pass it to Taylor.
Awesome. Thanks, Megan. So I wanted to give you an update on where we are with a state
of the product for eScribe 6. So the two areas I wanted to go over with everyone today is
our early customer testing and our findings from that group, and then some of our focus
areas based off that actual testing. So at least where we are in the state of the product
is we've done some initial testing with eScribe 6. It's definitely shown some areas of improvement
that we wanted to focus on. One of the reasons why we decided to do this testing is we wanted
to get that real feedback from our customers. Obviously, we know everyone here is using
eScribe 5, so we really wanted to get some real hands-on experience from customers to
really guide our work. So we decided to do some initial testing with our first slate of
customers. We definitely found some things that we wanted to improve based off of that actual
feedback. So one of the things that we wanted to share with you today is we've actually
doubled down on our budget and our headcount to really attack these improvements and iterate
more quickly. So we have a cohort of customers. They're going through implementation right
now. We definitely see some benefits from the new version of the product, but we've definitely
found some areas of improvement that we wanted to focus on. So one of the things that we wanted
to share today on the actual product front is we've increased the amount of resources
and individuals are working on 6 to really expedite our progress moving forward to get 6
into a better state for everyone on the webinar. Now, in the actual focus areas, we are going
to be very focused on quality. As we're getting feedback from our customers, as they're
identifying certain gaps, we're going to constantly be prioritizing that feedback as it
comes in. We've definitely been focusing on making sure the platform and the infrastructure
is sound and solid for everyone. And as I mentioned, too, we're going to be focusing on
these new customer implementations, making sure it's integrating with their workflows. And
as I mentioned, too, we're going to be adding more software engineers to be supporting the
eScribe 6 platform so that this platform will obviously meet your standards and your
needs as well. So that's a little bit about where we are with the state of the product.
I'm going to pass it over to Tim, and he's going to kind of go through a state of where
we are with the upgrades.
All right. Thanks, Taylor. Hey, everyone. Good to connect with you. Just a quick update on
where we are with the upgrade process. We know there's been a few different dates
communicated in the past, but based on our current state, I just wanted to share kind of
directionally where we're going. So we know that eScribe 5 is in a good spot. Everybody's using
it. And our goal here is to make sure that we do no harm as we move towards upgrading
customers. And based on what Taylor was saying in the past, we found some areas that we need to
improve on. We're continuing to focus on testing and making sure that we have a high quality
product and we don't want to force anyone to move until we're ready and we're confident that
we're in a really good spot. So due to where we're at, we're not going to start any upgrades this
year. We're going to continue to focus on making sure that everything that we build is
stable and that the seamless, we have a seamless upgrade process when the time is right.
So just a quick reminder, no one's going to be upgraded without proper notice. There's no
automated push that's going to happen. You'll be fully aware when this is initiated. And we'll,
as we get closer to when upgrades can start, we'll share those timelines. So appreciate your
patience. And there's more to come on timing. Taylor? Yep. Awesome. So and then just a little
about where we're at the roadmap. This is one of the commits that we're coming from the eScribe
product team, right, is to constantly share where we are on the roadmap with eScribe 6 and our
development efforts. So as the webinars progress throughout the year and into 25, I'll be coming
to everyone on the webinar and sharing where we are with the roadmap, what we're currently working
on, what we're about to work on, and then some of those longer term items that we'll be developing
on the platform. So as you can see with the roadmap, right now we're focused on quality
improvements, right, around the product, around infrastructure. We're making some enhancements
around the meeting site, both with real-time updates, some enhancements when it comes to
agenda item history. Immediately following that, we're going to be focusing more on meeting manager,
meeting management, right, making sure that our meeting site and our meeting templates
are up to basically standards for our customers coming on to eScribe 6.
And then you'll see we have a couple upcoming items that are, I know are definitely important
items for customers on eScribe 5, but we've definitely heard as items as feedback for
customers coming on to 6. So really things that are going to help make a better meeting experience
and a document manager experience for our eScribe customers. So things that are going to hopefully
help automate some of your work, whether it's resolution numberings or setting up a meeting
recurrence on a certain cadence or certain things that are going to help deliver a great meeting
experience for those that are participating, whether it's, you know, looking at voting results
or having the public interact with an actual meeting, right. So those are some of the items
that we have in our upcoming column that are going to be upcoming in the next couple months.
But again, with this investment we're making in the platform and with eScribe 6,
we're going to be able to deliver a lot of these features in an expedited path over the
next couple quarters too. So this is where we are with the roadmap and this is something you'll be
seeing for future webinars too going forward. And I'll pass it back to Megan.
Thank you guys for that update. We appreciate you guys sharing that so candidly.
So we'll go ahead and dive into our poll question for today. Today we're really
focusing on tasks and reporting. So we would love your feedback when it comes to does your
organization utilize tasks within eScribe? I'll give you guys a second to complete that.
Okay. Thank you. So it looks like honestly kind of it's a big mixture there. So we had a decent
amount say always and sometimes some people said never. And we also got a handful of what are tasks.
Well, hopefully today we'll be able to show you a bit more about tasks. So I'm going to go ahead
and there we go. Pass it over to Kelsey. Let me stop sharing my screen so you can go ahead
and share Kelsey. There you go. Okay. Sharing my screen now. So we're just going to look at
tasks first and there's a couple of different areas within the product that you can view your
tasks. The first area is the meeting site. So currently I'm logged in as a super admin.
Currently known as the portal admin in eScribe 5. So I'm going to click into my meeting site for
today. And it's going to be in a tab over here in the more tab. And no matter what meeting mode
you're in, whether it's pre and session or post or concluded mode, those tasks are going to reside in
that more tab on that item. So you can see here for my item number one, I have one task sitting
here. Let's go to an example. It doesn't have one. So you could see what that looks like. It just
sits above the chair comments area. And you can see here, you can just easily click that button
to add a task in there. And if you don't have any tasks, it just says new tasks. So I'm going to
scroll down to an item where I already have a couple of tasks, click the more tab. And this is
where my tasks will be laid out. You can see here, I've got the option, like I said, to add the task
with that button. I have the option here to edit or delete that task. If I do want to delete it,
I always get that confirmation pop up that allows me to have a second thought there if I'd like to
do that. I'll click cancel and I'll just go through adding a task. So it's pretty simple.
The task field here is something that you can fill out. And that's just the general idea of
what the task is. So I'm just going to say, test for meetings for today. For assignees, I can add
as many tasks as I would like. So here I'm going to click, and maybe I'll click Jim, they can work
together. I can allow that task to be delegated. And if that means that those two assignees are
able to further delegate this task to other people, when they do that, they're not going to be able to
select anybody who's currently chosen. And they're going to select any active user within the system.
So I'll give them the ability to do that. The due date, I'll say a week from today, and I can choose
my priority level of low, normal or high. So I'll click high for that one. And as soon as I click
create, those two recipients, those assignees are going to receive an email notification saying,
hey, you have a new task, what would you like to do with it? And they can click that email and view
the task and then work with it within the system. So you can see here it's newly added. So if I
scroll down, it resides at the bottom. And if I click here, like I said, I can easily go and edit
that task. I can also add comments for my assignee so that they can get more information or I can
change any of the information above. Something different in eScribe 6 that we didn't have in 5
is this toggle here to show motion. And that just allows me to have information about the motion
that that task relates to. So it's going to be any motion will appear that relates to that item. So
if you had a couple of motions here for that item, both motions would show up in that task.
I'll just turn that off and I'll click close. Only admins in the meeting site will see tasks,
so your participants and your visitors will not. And you'll notice here that I don't have a task
icon that's coming very soon. So you'll still be able to see on items where you have a task
within your meeting site. So that's it for the meeting site. The other spot in eScribe where
you can view your task is this task information bar on the menu. So I can click that drop down
and you'll see I have two sections here. The first is the My Assigned Task. So I'll click there
and that's just any task that I have in the system that is assigned to me. So I'm an admin,
maybe I don't have any tasks assigned to me, but I can't assign or create any tasks in that area
because it's basically just a library of tasks that are assigned to myself. So because I'm a
super admin, I'm going to click in Task Manager and this is where I can manage all tasks within
the system. So it just depends on your user role and your permissions within the system and
what you see here. For example, if you're a contributor or a participant, you're not going
to see the My Assigned Task or Task Manager area. You would just see tasks because you're only going
to have tasks assigned to you and you don't have the permissions or the user role able to assign
tasks out to other people or create them. So a super admin, formerly known as the portal admin,
will see all tasks within the system. And then user roles such as administrator,
meeting administrator and task manager, they're going to see tasks listed to the meeting types
that are assigned in the permissions for the meeting types. Something that's easily changed
that you can change and play with and that's pretty easy to use. So here in this area for
Task Manager, you can see I've got a bunch of columns with information and it basically just
lists information out on the task. So in the top right corner, I have my Create Task button
and it's a pretty similar fly out to what was in the meeting site, except you now have to choose
things that the meeting type itself would already have selected from the meeting site.
So for example, I'm going to choose my Any Town Council Meeting, my meeting date for today and
I'm just relating it back to that meeting that I was currently on. So we'll select item five
and I'll just say test task, assign it out to somebody, allow them to delegate and again select
the due date and I can select the priority. So you can see here once I create that, it gets added to
the list. This list is sorted by the due date. So anything upcoming is going to show up at the top
and the furthest dates are going to show at the bottom. The check boxes on the left here are to
bulk delete. So if you had a task that was complete or maybe you didn't need it anymore, you can easily
select those check boxes there and do that bulk action. And you have multiple filters up here so
that you can decide what you'd like to see exactly since this list can get pretty large.
And the great thing about the filters is that if you put a filter on and then you move out of the
system or you log out of it, when you come back, those filters are still going to be assigned
so that you can always have a view that's exactly what you would like to see.
One of the columns over here for closed session just means that it's a closed session,
relates to a closed session item. So it's going to have a check box here or check mark, sorry,
so that you can know exactly which one is related to closed session.
I'm going to pull open my participant view. So this is my participant view now and you can see
it's a much lighter menu, not as many options as the super admin of course, but if I click on tasks,
it's a much simpler screen because I don't have the ability, like I said, to assign tasks or create
tasks. So if I wanted to action my task, I can click on the menu over here and click view task
and you can see it's more of a read only screen with a couple of options to select from. So I
can change the status which will update for myself and anybody else assigned to the task and the
admin. I can choose to show the motion like I had in the other area for the admin screen.
I can add comments or I can choose to delegate that task to somebody else who's active in the
system but who's not. Hey Kelsey, sorry to interrupt you. We can't see the participant side.
Let me try.
And also while we're waiting for that, thank you guys for continuing to put questions in the Q&A.
Once we kind of get through this demo, I'll make sure to bring some of these questions
up because they're great questions. So please continue to submit those. Thank you. All right,
cool Kelsey. I think we're good now. Okay, thanks. Sorry, I was just showing the
browser not the screen. This is the participant side so you can see it's a much lighter view.
Like I said here, if you'd like to update that task, you can click the ellipsis menu there and
view task and it's more of a read only section for the people who are not the admins. And you
can update the status here which updates for everybody including the admin and the assignees.
I can choose to show the motion and I can also delegate that task to anybody who's not listed
here as an assignee but who's active in the system. So if I chose somebody else and click
save changes, they would then also be added into that assignee area at the...
Sorry, I unassigned it for myself so that's why it's missing from there now.
But you can easily just delegate it out to other people as well.
That's pretty much it for tasks and I'll stop sharing and pass it over to Shivani.
We can answer some questions once Shivani sends her section as well.
Thank you, Kelsey. I'm just going to start sharing my screen. Just give me a second.
Okay. So what I really want to walk you through is the reporting section and what it was earlier or
right now is called the report center. It's the same concept of reporting, just a change in
terminology but in terms of how the product team has re-looked or redesigned the complete setup
is slightly different so I just want to walk you through that aspect. So if you look at the default
when you land on this page, on the reporting page, you will definitely see the agenda item report
which is basically the default space. You will also have the opportunity to export the report.
So any report that you export will by default export in a CSV file format and you can download
that on your laptop or your computer. You now also have an option to group the report. So say
for example, you select an option from here and you decide to group it by a meeting date. You can
do that by selecting the meeting date and it'll group the reports for that particular agenda item
report by a specific date. So just makes it much more easier for you to plan or if you're looking
to get more information within that. Similarly, you also have many other buttons right up here
to select from if you're looking to select the agenda item report but you're looking to get more
detailed information in terms of filtering it further. You can do that by meeting type,
meeting date, sponsor or department. Within the drop downs that are available,
you also have many other options. So I will walk you through the attendance report basically giving
you an overview if you are looking to say present an internal report to your manager saying what was
the attendance for the year 2024. At the year end you can just pull a report from here and export
that as a CSV file and it will give you all the information as to who the what the meeting type
was, the dates and the attendees that were present or not present.
Again an important task which sometimes or many a times clerk's team has to do
is present a motions report at the year end to the CAO. Same thing, same concept. You can
you know export that report as a CSV file but just gives you a clear indication of what the
reports were that were what were the motions that were passed in the year along with the date,
what was the agenda item for which the motion was passed, what were the resolution results.
In this case it shows none but at the same time in your if you have more updated information it
will definitely pop up here but it will give you a much more clarity in terms of
what other motions that were passed for the year 2024 as an example.
Voting report so this again will give you an option to view say you're looking to get more
information in terms of a certain meeting type you're trying to say which was the meeting that
was there or what were the results you're trying to do information on trying to sort that information
trying to see who the voters were or what was the information or what was the motion and the
results that were there. Maybe there was a motion which was a voting report that was not passed
that will give you further information looking at this particular report.
Task report similar to what Kelsey just showed you right now but just gives you a complete overview
on all the tasks that have been assigned you just need to be mindful that participants who do not
have access to certain meetings so if a participant only has specific access to
a meeting they can only see those specific tasks but or reports for that matter they won't have
access to everything that's there but definitely they can take advantage of this space and our
important feature to be noted is the fact that visitors don't have access to the reports that
visitors don't have access to the reports that you see over here.
Conflicts report so if you in the clerks team have a current process where you are creating
like an excel sheet and or doing a manual tracking of who made a conflict for which
particular agenda item maybe you need to stop doing that and start using the report center
in eScribe because all you need to do is just add that information the information's basically
right here you can just export that from here and present it to your CAO or your clerks team
for an internal presentation so it'll basically pull out all the information that's there related
to who made the conflict what was the reason and what was the item related to that so kind of covers
all the important aspects and makes it easier for internal or external reporting.
You then have another drop down for items report so if there are any items that were referred
you can quickly see which were the items that were referred in the year 2024
just gives you much more clearer information.
The forecast again this is something that you would usually have an excel document trying to
track which are the upcoming reports coming to future meetings or which are the reports that
are going to be presented to the upcoming council meeting or planning meeting instead of that if you
can start adding that information right here you can just do a forecast and try and see
do a quick check in terms of the meeting type or you can also try and sort it by
the finance committee and see which are the meetings or the reports that are coming up and
you would right away know there's just that one report coming in for your information or for your
team. Reporting from my understanding in the discussion that we've had with many
clerks is something that currently is managed by a lot of team members through
excel document and we like looking to see if a feature like this can help you change that so
if you have any questions please please feel free to reach out to your customer success manager and
they can do provide you further demo and answer more questions related to this feature that's
available in eScribe.
All right thank you so much yeah thank you so much Kelsey and Shivani we had some questions come in
which is great so thank you all I'm not going to reshare the the presentation but just wanted to
remind you all to go ahead and submit any questions in the Q&A section shortly we'll do
our best like I said to answer as many as we can live we may not get to all of them but like Shivani
said we'll go ahead and make sure your CSM can follow up with you and then we please encourage
you to complete our post webinar survey to provide feedback to us. So I'm going to go ahead and
open up for the questions Taylor I saw that you had marked one that you were wanting to
answer live so I'll let you go ahead and take it away. Yeah so that's a great question on
specifically the actual upgrade experience from six to five so one of the things that
we're definitely working on is we want to make sure that we deliver the best upgrade experience
as you're making the transition from five to six. One of the things that we want to make sure is that
we support you with enough training resources and support so we're still reviewing what the actual
like setup is essentially if we're able to have a your version of five up and six simultaneously
those are some of the details that we're going to be working out in you know the near future
on specifics but that's definitely something we want to make sure is that everyone here when the
upgrades do you know when we are planning those out that you have more than enough time and
resources and support from the entire eScribe team to complete the transition so I saw that one come
through wanted to mark that one off just to reiterate that that when upgrades do when those
timelines are ready we'll make sure that you guys will have enough time and resources support from
the entire eScribe team.
Thank you Taylor. That's we love we love to share positive news so great news.
Kelty I know you had marked a few questions that had come in as well as they related to tasks so
if you want to go ahead I'll just let you take it away too. Sure one question was can you change
the status of a task to complete it as soon as it's created so not as soon as it's created
you have to click save and then if you go to edit that task then you'll be able to click that as
completed so then it's done that task is then completed and the next question was does the
motion appear and the email notification it does not it's a very simple email that goes out to the
assignees so it just says the environment and it says hey this is the task list out that task
information and then go and view tasks so they could click that button and go right into eScribe
and view that task. The next one is can you pull an excel listing for tasks you can't do that from
the task page but like Shivani showed you can pull a task report and filter that information out you
can filter and sort and export it and that export will contain any filtering and sorting that you
had applied to that report within eScribe. There's a couple more that task excel for the report does
not contain the motion information that's a good additional option and there sorry there was one
more eScribe five it does have a motions report it's just called resolutions report so it does
have that same information if you are looking for that and the last one here that I can see
is posting the conflict registry to the website yes you'll be able to do that so you can post
your conflicts that you have listed in your meeting site go to the publish area publish those out and
you can have those recorded in your conflict registry. Awesome thank you for answering those
Kelsey I know that was pretty quick to get through all of those but thank you guys for submitting
your questions I know we're right at time so we want to go ahead and wrap up for today but
thank you all for participating for providing any of your questions like I said we'll make
sure to have your CSM follow up with you but thank you for continuing to join these sessions and
we'll see you next time thanks so much.
